1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northwest bound on Columbus Street approaching the intersection with Jones Street when the Cruise AV slowed down. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, another vehicle, changing into the Cruise AVs lane from the left adjacent lane, made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. Both of the Cruise AV test operators later mentioned neck and shoulder pain.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode on northbound Alma Street at Alma Village Circle in Palo Alto when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was stopped in traffic for a red light when a passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 2 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper and hatch, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was traveling northbound on Bartlett Street and turning left onto westbound 26th Street in San Francisco when it was involved in a collision. The Waymo AV had come to a complete stop at the 4-way stop sign intersection at Bartlett Street and 26th Street before proceeding to make a left turn in autonomous mode. As the Waymo AV was completing the left turn, a passenger vehicle traveling eastbound on 26th Street and turning left onto northbound Bartlett Street proceeded into the intersection without fully stopping at the stop sign. The Waymo AV began to brake for the passenger vehicle and the Waymo AV test driver disengaged autonomous mode and manually stopped the Waymo AV just prior to the passenger vehicle making contact with the driver’s side of the Waymo AV. The passenger vehicle was traveling approximately 5 MPH at the time of contact, and the Waymo AV was traveling approximately 0 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its driver’s side front wheel well and driver door, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling Southwest on Minna Street between 5th Street and Mary Street. A white Mazda pulled out from a construction area without yielding, onto Minna Street. Seeing that the Mazda was not going to yield to oncoming traffic, the AVTO disengaged from autonomous mode and unsuccessfully attempted to avoid collision. The Mazda made contact with the Cruise AV causing damage to the front driver side bumper and fender of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was traveling eastbound on Precita Avenue and yielding to traffic while preparing to merge onto Cesar Chavez in San Francisco when it was involved in a collision. While in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV had come to a complete stop at the stop sign at Precita Avenue at Cesar Chavez. As the Waymo AV proceeded slowly in preparation to merge, the Waymo AV test driver disengaged autonomous mode and manually stopped the Waymo AV. A passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV then made contact with the stationary Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 7 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), was in autonomous mode and traveling northbound on De Haro Street between 23rd and 22nd streets. The AV braked in response to a pedestrian in the middle of the intersection on De Haro, running directly towards the AV. The AVTO, concerned for their safety, disengaged from autonomous mode to attempt to move the AV around the pedestrian who was still rapidly heading directly towards the AV in the center of the street. The Cruise AV was then struck by a skateboarder that suddenly entered the crosswalk from the southeast sidewalk, coming downhill from 22nd street. Contact was made by the skateboarder to the Cruise AV. This caused damage to the front quarter panel area and the articulating radar of the Cruise AV. Because the skateboarder appeared injured, 911 was immediately called. The skateboarder left the scene shortly after the incident and before the police arrived. The Cruise AVTOs remained on the scene and gave a statement to the police.
0 The Pony.ai autonomous vehicle ("Pony.ai AV") was stopped for approximately 3 minutes at the red light in the far right lane on Milmont Dr. preparing to turn right onto Dixon Landing Rd. In front of the Pony.ai AV are several other vehicles also preparing to turn right. While stopped, Vehicle 2 came up quickly immediately behind the Pony.ai AV then proceeded to stop abruptly. Vehicle 2 then proceeds to creep up towards the Pony.ai with the driver of Vehicle 2 appearing to look down. Vehicle 2 then lurches forward quickly towards the Pony.ai AV. The Pony.ai AV operator proceeded to disengage from autonomous mode to attempt to avoid an accident, however, as the Pony.ai AV vehicle operator attempted to step on the throttle, the Pony.ai AV is rear-ended by Vehicle 2. The Pony.ai AV was stopped at 0 mph, while the approximate speed of Vehicle 2 at the point of collision was 5 mph. The Pony.ai AV operator noted that prior to the collision, the driver of Vehicle 2 appeared to drive erratically across other intersections as well. The contact between the vehicles caused a moderate damage to the back of the Pony.ai AV and moderate damage to Vehicle 2. Both drivers pulled over to the side of the roadway and exchanged information. There were no injuries reported and the police were not called. Pursuant to protocol, Pony.ai ran simulations after the accident to determine if the ADV would have reacted differently. The results indicate the Pony.ai ADV would not have reacted differently.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was traveling westbound on 16th Street at Market Street in San Francisco when it was involved in a collision. While in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV was stopped at a red traffic light at the unprotected intersection of 16th Street and Market Street. After the traffic light turned green, the Waymo AV began to proceed and then came to a stop as it yielded to oncoming traffic also entering the intersection. A passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV then made contact with the stationary Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 5 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), was in autonomous mode and traveling westbound on McAllister Street near Baker Street. The AV came to a complete stop at the stop sign at McAllister and Baker. With no other vehicles present at the intersection and having the right of way after the stop, the AV started to proceed left onto Baker Street from McAllister. As the AV was making the left turn, a Subaru traveling northbound on Baker Street quickly approached the intersection, failed to stop for the stop sign and struck the front left side of the Cruise AV. The AVTO disengaged from autonomous mode approximately 1.5 seconds before impact. The AVTOs sustained minor injuries and the AV sustained damage to the driver's side bumper and wheel assembly. The police were called but did not respond to the scene
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling northbound on Spruce Street approaching Euclid Avenue in San Francisco was involved in a collision. The Waymo AV had been traveling in autonomous mode on Spruce Street when the Waymo AV test driver disengaged autonomous mode. Approximately 6 seconds after the disengagement, the Waymo AV’s passenger side rearview mirror made contact with an unattended parked passenger vehicle’s driver side rearview mirror at approximately 15 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its passenger side rearview mirror, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its driver side rearview mirror. No injuries were reported. The Waymo AV test driver left insurance information with the parked vehicle.
1 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling eastbound in autonomous mode on Oakdale Avenue approaching Industrial Street in San Francisco was involved in a collision. The Waymo AV was coming to a stop at a stop sign intersection on Oakdale Avenue at Industrial Street when a passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 20 MPH. The Waymo AV was traveling approximately 1 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene; the Waymo AV test driver sought medical attention from urgent care the following day.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was facing west and stopped for a red light at the intersection of Duboce and Guerrero Streets. Before the Cruise AV started to proceed for the green light, contact was made to the rear bumper of the Cruise AV by a BMW traveling behind the AV. The contact caused minimal damage to the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling northbound on Church Street at 21st Street in San Francisco was involved in a collision. While stopped in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV switched to reverse gear in preparation for making a multipoint turn, just as the test driver disengaged by applying the accelerator pedal. The Waymo AV made contact with a passenger vehicle behind it at approximately 3 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was turning from northbound Stanyan St. to westbound on Parnassus Street. As the Cruise AV was starting to turn, a black GMC Denali behind the Cruise AV attempted to overtake the Cruise AV causing the AVTO to disengage from autonomous mode. The GMC Denali made contact with the front driver side bumper of the Cruise AV, which caused minor damage to the front bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called. The driver of the GMC Denali did not stop after the incident and could not be contacted.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling westbound on Filbert Street at Scott Street in San Francisco was involved in a collision. After coming to a complete stop in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV switched to reverse gear in preparation for making a multipoint turn. Within fractions of a second, the test driver applied the accelerator pedal to disengage autonomous mode. The Waymo AV made contact with a passenger vehicle that was stopped behind it at approximately 3 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling northbound on Jones Street approaching Clay Street in San Francisco was involved in a collision. After the Waymo AV made a right turn from Pleasant Street in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV test driver disengaged autonomous mode to maneuver past an oncoming vehicle on Jones Street that was drifting toward the Waymo AV. While in manual mode, the Waymo AV’s passenger side view mirror then made contact with an unoccupied parked passenger vehicle’s driver side view mirror at approximately 6 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its passenger side view mirror. The unoccupied passenger vehicle’s driver-side mirror was cracked, but most or all of the damage appeared to have been pre-existing. No other damage was observed to the unoccupied passenger vehicle. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 On April 14, 2021 at 9:38am, AV104 driving in autonomous mode in San Francisco, California, experienced longitudinal contact from a Toyota sedan at the intersection of First and Harrison Streets. The AV was moving at 9mph in the right lane and slowing to begin to execute a right turn, when the Toyota sedan “side-swiped” the left front lidar unit on the AV while overtaking at a greater speed from the left adjacent lane. The AV vehicle sustained moderate property damage to the lidar unit, mount, and front fender/bumper. The driver of the Toyota did not stop*. There are no known injuries, and Lyft does not know what (if any) damage was sustained by the Toyota. *Note: this lane merges onto a freeway ramp and may not have provided a place to safely pull over.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling southbound on Park Presidio Bypass approaching Crossover Drive in San Francisco was involved in a collision. While in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV was stationary in stop-and-go traffic when a passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 5 MPH. The Waymo AV was traveling 0 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode was turning from Southbound on Folsom Street to Westbound on 15th Street. When the Cruise AV stopped to yield for an oncoming vehicle, a Chevrolet Silverado that was traveling behind made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. This caused damage to the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. At the time of the incident, the driver of the Cruise AV reported a minor injury, but emergency services were not called.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode began to slow down during an unprotected left turn to yield for cross traffic entering the lane from the right. A passenger vehicle from behind did not slow and made contact with the rear sensors of the Zoox vehicle. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (Cruise AV), operating in autonomous mode, was stopped at a stop sign at the four way intersection of Castro and 22nd Streets. A 2017 Chevy Colorado that was traveling behind the Cruise AV made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. This caused damage to the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. There were minor injuries but the police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle, operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Guerrero Street. The Cruise AV was making a right turn onto 24th Street when a 2004 Toyota Sienna that was traveling straight on Guerrero made contact with the rear driver bumper of the Cruise AV. This caused damage to the rear driver bumper and wheel well of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling northbound on Sanchez Street at 16th Street in San Francisco was involved in a collision. While in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV was stationary for a red light when a passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 7 MPH. The Waymo AV was traveling 0 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was traveling in autonomous mode at the intersection of Brannan Street and Division Street in San Francisco when it was involved in a collision. The Waymo AV was stopped in traffic for a red traffic light on southbound Brannan Street at Division Street when a passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately less than 1 MPH. The Waymo AV was stationary. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle left the scene before exchanging information. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was traveling in autonomous mode on westbound 21st Street heading toward Shotwell Street in San Francisco when it was involved in a collision. The Waymo AV was stopped behind a passenger vehicle that was double-parked and also was yielding to an oncoming passenger vehicle traveling eastbound on 21st Street. As the oncoming passenger vehicle approached the Waymo AV, it made contact with the Waymo AV’s front bumper at approximately 4 MPH. The Waymo AV was stationary. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its front bumper. The passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was stopped at a red light on northbound 6th Street at the intersection with Harrison Street when a lane-splitting cyclist made contact with the Cruise AV’s right side mirror, damaging the mirror. The cyclist did not stop. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 An Argo AI Autonomous Vehicle ("Argo AV") traveling northeast bound on Stanford Ave was involved in a collision. The Argo AV came to a complete stop at the stop sign located at the intersection of Stanford Ave and Bowdoin Ave. When the Argo AV began to accelerate the vehicle directly behind the Argo AV made contact with the Argo AV's rear bumper. The Argo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene and the police were not contacted.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Clement Street. As the Cruise AV was in the intersection with 26th Avenue, a blue Toyota Matrix traveling northbound on 26th Avenue failed to yield and entered the intersection. The Toyota made contact with the Cruise AV's front left bumper and damaged the bumper wheel and the wheel cover. After the incident, the passenger in the Cruise AV reported minor shoulder soreness. There were no additional injuries reported and police were not called.
0 On July 12, 2021 at 3:10 PM PDT, a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was in a collision involving a van at Broadway and Gough Street in San Francisco. The Waymo AV, while in autonomous mode, was waiting to make a left turn and yielding to oncoming traffic, when the test driver (in the driver’s seating position) transitioned to manual mode and proceeded with a left turn manually. During the left turn, an approaching van struck the right side of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV was in manual mode.
0 On July 14, 2021 at 4:47 PM PDT, a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was proceeding straight westbound on Clement Street in San Francisco, when a passenger vehicle struck the Waymo AV from behind two times. The passenger vehicle then struck the Waymo AV a third time, on the left side of the Waymo AV, as it passed on the left, then immediately fled the scene. The San Francisco Police Department is investigating the event as a criminal act. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position).
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on eastbound McAllister Street at the intersection with Scott Street. Another vehicle approaching from the rear made contact with the Cruise AV's rear bumper, damaging the rear left bumper. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 At about 11:35 am our vehicle (car 1) was waiting behind a USPS truck to make an unprotected left turn, meanwhile one other vehicle (car 2) waited behind our vehicle. Another non involved vehicle notices the queue of vehicles and passes on the right in the bike lane. As the USPS truck begins to make the turn, car 1 begins to move forward at 7 MPH then slowed to 3 MPH when yielding to the vehicle passing in the bike lane. Car 2 directly behind us strikes our passenger rear bumper. The safety driver then disengaged the vehicle (car 1) and moved into a nearby parking lot to exchange information.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on 5th Street and yielding to oncoming traffic before making a left turn onto westbound Howard Street. The Cruise AV was yielding to an oncoming electric scooterist when the light turned from green to yellow. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode to make the left turn and, shortly thereafter, the electric scooterist made contact with the right side of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV's front and rear passenger doors. The electric scooterist reported soreness and bruising and the San Francisco police were called. It is unknown at this time whether an investigation is being conducted by law enforcement.
0 On August 1, 2021 at 4:48 PM PDT, a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was struck by a bicycle at Cabrillo Street and 23rd Avenue. The Waymo AV had stopped at a stop sign on Cabrillo Street and, when the intersection was clear, began to proceed westbound through the intersection with 23rd Avenue. At approximately the same time, a cyclist traveling northbound ran the stop sign on 23rd Avenue, began to turn right onto Cabrillo Street but immediately veered left to continue northbound across the crosswalk on Cabrillo Street, where it struck the rear driver’s side of the Waymo AV. The cyclist stayed upright and immediately rode away, continuing northbound on 23rd Avenue. The bicycle caused minor scratches and marks on the rear driver’s side bumper of the Waymo AV. The Waymo AV was operating with a driver (in the driver’s seating position), who transitioned the vehicle from autonomous to manual mode approximately 1 second before the impact occurred. At the time of impact, the Waymo AV was in manual mode.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Balboa Street. As the Cruise AV was in the intersection with 24th Avenue, a silver Toyota Tundra traveling northbound on 24th Avenue failed to yield and continued to enter the intersection. The AVTO disengaged from autonomous mode; nevertheless the Toyota made contact with the Cruise AV's left rear panel and damaged the rear left bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco was in a collision involving a vehicle at Scott Street and Sacramento Street. While operating in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV was stopped at a stop sign intersection yielding to a pedestrian in the crosswalk as a passenger vehicle arrived at the intersection from the left. Once the pedestrian cleared the crosswalk, the Waymo AV started to proceed at the same time as the passenger vehicle to the left. The driver of the Waymo AV transitioned into manual mode, bringing the vehicle to a stop and the passenger vehicle behind the AV accelerated into the rear of the Waymo vehicle. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the rear bumper.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Bush Street and Grant Avenue. The Waymo AV was stopped in traffic while in autonomous mode when the passenger vehicle approached from behind while changing lanes. The passenger vehicle struck the rear of the stopped Waymo AV traveling at 5.5 miles per hour and left the scene. The left rear bumper of the Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Presidio Avenue and Bush Street. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light in autonomous mode when the passenger vehicle behind the AV made contact with the rear of the Waymo vehicle. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the rear bumper. The passenger vehicle appeared to sustain minor scuffing or no damage.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Steiner Street between McAllister Street and Fulton Street. The Cruise AV was traveling 24.4 mph upon entering the intersection with Fulton Street on a green light. As the Cruise AV continued through the intersection, a bicyclist traveling eastbound on Fulton Street failed to stop for their red light and entered the intersection. The Cruise AV was disengaged from autonomous mode and the Cruise AV operator braked to a speed of 8.7 mph and, shortly thereafter, the bicyclist made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the front of the Cruise AV and the bicycle. The cyclist verbally reported they were okay. However, the Cruise AV Operator noticed minor injuries to the cyclict. Police and Emergency Medical Services were called, but the cyclist left the scene before the police or EMS arrived.
0 On August 31, 2021 at 5:41 PM PDT, Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco was in a collision involving an unoccupied parked passenger vehicle at 20 Cook Street. While performing a multipoint turn at the north end of Cook Street (a dead-end road), the Waymo AV was in reverse at approximately 2 MPH when it made contact with the front driver’s side door of an unoccupied parked passenger vehicle. The Waymo AV was in autonomous mode until just before making contact, when the test driver transitioned the Waymo AV into manual mode. The contact caused minor scuffing and a small dent in the door handle of the parked vehicle’s driver door and minor damage to the plastic sensor housing on the Waymo AV’s rear passenger’s side.
0 On August 31, 2021 at 7:30 AM PDT, a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving another vehicle near the intersection of 25th Street at York Street. The Waymo AV was stopped near the end of the 2500 block of 25th Street after having executed a pull-over in autonomous mode, at which time the operator of the Waymo AV took manual control of the Waymo AV and proceeded into the driving lane. The Waymo AV then made contact with the right rear fender of a passenger vehicle passing the Waymo AV on the left side. Both vehicles incurred minor damage.
0 On September 2, 2021 at 1:56 AM PDT, a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco was in a collision involving an unoccupied parked passenger vehicle at the north end of 8th Avenue (a dead-end road). While performing a multipoint turn in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV was reversing at approximately 2 MPH when it made contact with the rear tail light of an unoccupied parked passenger vehicle. The contact caused a small break in the tail light cover of the parked vehicle and minor damage to the rear bumper of the Waymo AV.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode making a right turn onto Essex St, fro Folsom St., when a passenger vehicle in the left adjacent turn lane encroached into its lane and made contact with the left bumper and sensors of the Zoox vehicle. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 On September 17, 2021 at 11:39 AM PDT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on the 400 block of Washington Street. While in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV was stopped behind a double-parked passenger vehicle in the right-hand lane of traffic with slow-moving (same directional) traffic to its left. The driver of the Waymo AV transitioned the vehicle to manual mode and initiated a lane change into the congested left-hand lane. Before the driver of the Waymo AV could complete this maneuver, the passenger vehicle in front of the Waymo AV shifted into reverse and proceeded to make contact with the rear right sensor of the Waymo AV. Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
0 A test vehicle, operating in autonomous mode in Sunnyvale and turning right from Mathilda Avenue onto Del Ray Avenue, made contact with a curb at approximately 13 miles per hour. While there was no tire or wheel damage, the contact resulted in misalignment. No other agents were involved, no injuries were reported, and law enforcement was not called to the scene.
1 On October 1, 2021 at 3:51 PM PDT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving an SUV at John F. Kennedy Drive at Stanyan Street. The Waymo AV was traveling in autonomous mode westbound on Fell Street / John F. Kennedy Drive when it stopped for pedestrians who were in a crosswalk and between the westbound and eastbound lanes of John F. Kennedy Drive. An SUV following behind the Waymo AV struck the rear of the Waymo AV. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper and trunk, and the SUV sustained minor damage to its front bumper and hood. The Waymo AV test driver later reported lower back pain.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response a stop sign on northbound Capp Street at the intersection with 22nd Street. An SFPD 2016 Ford Explorer that was in front of the Cruise AV reversed from the intersection of Capp Street and 22nd Street and made contact with the Cruise AV's front bumper, damaging the front bumper. There were no injuries and the officer that struck the Cruise AV filed a police report.
0 On October 8, 2021 at 6:39 PM PDT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Mission Street at Avalon Avenue. While traveling northwest on Mission Street in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV navigated around a double-parked vehicle stopped in the right lane. After re-entering the right lane, the Waymo AV came to a complete stop behind a second passenger vehicle, at which time the driver of the Waymo AV transitioned into manual mode. The second passenger vehicle reversed into the Waymo AV, making contact with its front bumper. Both vehicles sustained minor bumper damage.
0 On October 18, 2021 at 12:57 PM PDT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving an SUV at Cesar Chavez and Evans Avenue. As the Waymo AV approached a right turn from Cesar Chavez onto Evans Avenue, it braked behind stopped traffic. An SUV following behind the Waymo AV made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present in the driver’s seating position. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper and trunk, and the SUV sustained minor damage to its front bumper and hood.
0 An Argo AI Autonomous Vehicle (“Argo AV”) was involved in a rear-end collision on Grant Ave. The Argo AV came to a complete stop at the stop sign located at the intersection of Grant Ave. and El Camino Real. After the Argo AV began to initiate a right-hand turn, the Argo AV came to a stop in response to oncoming traffic. A vehicle trailing behind the Argo AV moved forward and contacted the Argo AV’s left rear bumper. The Argo AV sustained minor damage to its left rear bumper.
0 At 3:27 PM on 11/03/2021, a driver from Weride was operating one of our autonomous vehicles in autonomous mode on the on-ramp to CA 87 S from Charcot Avenue in North San Jose. Our car was in the queue of traffic waiting for the metering light. While our car was stationary (0 MPH), the other car involved accelerated slightly to about 5 MPH, which resulted in a minor rear end collision. Our driver and the other party pulled over onto the shoulder. There were no injuries and information was exchanged. Since damage to our car was minimal, it was driven back to the office in manual mode.
0 On November 4, 2021 at 6:41 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA made contact with a fixed object at the intersection of Icehouse Alley and Green Street. The Waymo AV was traveling eastbound on Green Street when the vehicle approached a partially covered manhole. The manhole cover made contact with the underside of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the underside of the car.
0 On November 6, 2021 at 4:28 PM PDT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Powell Street at Pacific Avenue. The Waymo AV was traveling in autonomous mode southbound on Powell Street when it activated its right turn signal and prepared to make a right turn onto Pacific Avenue. The Waymo AV stopped to yield to a pedestrian who was in the adjacent crosswalk on Pacific Avenue. A passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the trailing passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper.
0 On November 6, 2021 at 1:50 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Waller Street at Alpine Terrace. The Waymo AV was traveling westbound on Waller Street when it yielded to an oncoming passenger vehicle. As the passenger vehicle passed the stopped Waymo AV, its driver side rearview mirror made contact with a Waymo AV sensor. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
1 On November 12, 2021 at 1:23 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Divisadero Street at Turk Street. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light on Divisadero Street at Turk Street. When the traffic light turned green, the passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage, and the trailing passenger vehicle sustained minor damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (Cruise AV), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Ocean Avenue between Lee Avenue and Harold Avenue. The Cruise AV was traveling 18.8 mph upon coming to the intersection with Lee Avenue on a green light. As the Cruise AV entered the intersection, a 2014 Audi made a prohibited left turn from the rightmost westbound lane on Ocean Ave. The Cruise AV hard braked prior to the Cruise AV operator disengaging the Cruise AV from autonomous mode. The Cruise AV operator continued to hard brake while steering away from the approaching vehicle but, shortly thereafter, the 2014 Audi made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the front right of the Cruise AV and the front left bumper of the 2014 Audi. The Cruise AV was traveling 11.4 mph at the time of contact. Police were not called to the scene and no injuries were reported.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on southbound 4th Avenue at the intersection with Geary Boulevard. Another vehicle approaching from the rear made contact with the Cruise AV's rear bumper, damaging the rear bumper. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 On November 15, 2021 at 2:20 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Noriega Street at 40th Avenue. The Waymo AV was stopped at a stop sign at Noriega Street at 40th Avenue when a passenger vehicle made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV’s rear bumper and undercarriage sustained moderate damage, and the passenger vehicle’s front bumper and hood sustained moderate damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on southbound Cayuga Street at the intersection with Geneva Street. As the Cruise AV entered the intersection on a green light and continued southbound on Cayuga Street, a Honda Civic traveling northbound on Cayuga Street initiated an unprotected left turn in the intersection. The Cruise AV hard braked but, shortly thereafter, the Honda Civic made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the back left bumper of the Cruise AV. Police were not called to the scene and no injuries were reported.
0 On November 26, 2021 at 8:02 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Scotia Avenue, Thornton Avenue, and Bridgeview Drive. The Waymo AV was traveling southbound on Scotia Avenue, a narrow road with vehicles parked on both sides, and approaching the intersection with Thornton Avenue and Bridgeview Drive. A passenger vehicle approaching from the right of the Waymo AV on eastbound Thornton Avenue made a left turn in front of the Waymo AV to head northbound on Scotia Avenue. The Waymo AV slowed to a near stop and nudged to its right in order to share the narrow road with the oncoming vehicle and then came to a stop at the stop sign as the oncoming vehicle completed its turn. At approximately 5 mph, the turning passenger vehicle made contact with Waymo AV’s sensor hardware housing on the driver side rear corner fender of the stopped Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the sensor hardware housing (which was the reason for towing the Waymo AV) and the passenger vehicle left the scene without exchanging information.
0 On November 28, 2021 at 6:08 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Clay Street at Franklin Street. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light on eastbound Clay Street at Franklin Street when a passenger vehicle struck the Waymo AV’s rear bumper. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV’s rear bumper sustained damage, and the passenger vehicle’s front bumper sustained damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on southbound Laguna Street at the intersection with McAllister Street. Another vehicle approaching from the rear made contact with the Cruise AV's rear bumper, damaging the rear right bumper. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 On December 3, 2021 at 12:23 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at 16th Street at Market and Noe Street. As the Waymo AV approached the intersection of 16th Street and Market Street, it stopped behind traffic at a red light. After the Waymo AV was fully stopped, a passenger vehicle reversed out of a parking spot perpendicular to the Waymo AV and made contact with the passenger side rear corner of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present in the driver’s seating position. Both vehicles sustained minor damage to their rear bumpers.
0 On December 4, 2021 at 4:10 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving an SUV on Winson Drive between 19th and 20th Avenues. While in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV turned right from southbound 19th Avenue onto westbound Winston Drive. As the Waymo AV proceeded onto Winston Drive in the far right lane, an SUV also proceeding westbound on Winston Drive made a continuous right lane change from the far left lane, through the middle lane, and entered the far right lane in front of the Waymo AV. The Waymo AV was decelerating when the test driver transitioned to manual mode. The Waymo AV then made contact with the SUV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver (in the driver’s seating position) was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. The Waymo AV sustained damage to its front driver side fender and the SUV sustained damage to its front passenger side fender.
0 On December 7, 2021 at 10:47 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving an SUV at Oak Street at Stanyan Street. While in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV came to a stop at a stop sign on Oak Street. While the ADV was stopped, waiting for a pedestrian to cross and for traffic on Stanyan Street to clear, an SUV approached the Waymo AV from behind and made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the rear bumper.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on northbound Larkin Street at the intersection with Turk Street. The Cruise AV entered the intersection on a green light and continued straight when a cyclist traveling eastbound on Turk Street entered the crosswalk. The Cruise AV braked to the cyclist and, shortly thereafter, another vehicle traveling behind the Cruise AV made contact with the Cruise AV's rear bumper, damaging the rear left bumper. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a stop sign on westbound 17th Street at the intersection with Roosevelt Way. Another vehicle approaching from the rear made contact with the Cruise AV's rear bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called. The Cruise AV test operator later mentioned neck pain.
0 On December 19, 2021 at 10:30 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Fulton Street and 5th Avenue. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV was stopped facing southwest on Fulton Street while yielding to pedestrians in a crosswalk when a passenger vehicle reversed at a low speed from an adjacent driveway into the right rear bumper of the Waymo AV. Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Fulton Street in the leftmost lane between 14th Avenue and Park Presidio Boulevard. A Toyota Sienna traveling southbound on 14th Avenue made an unprotected left turn to merge onto eastbound Fulton Street. The Cruise AV braked prior to the Cruise AV operator disengaging the Cruise AV from autonomous mode. The Cruise AV operator continued to brake but, shortly thereafter, the Toyota Sienna made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the front left fender of the Cruise AV. Police were not called to the scene and no injuries were reported.
0 On January 1, 2021 at 2:04 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Marin Street and Kansas Street. While proceeding straight in autonomous mode on westbound Marin Street, a passenger vehicle turned right onto Marin Street from Kansas Street, crossing the center lane line and traveling in the oncoming traffic lane. The driver of the Waymo AV transitioned the system into manual mode and slowed, and moved to the right most edge of the lane. The oncoming passenger vehicle struck the left side of the Waymo AV and immediately proceeded to leave the scene of the collision. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. The Waymo AV sustained moderate damage to the left front panel and both doors on the left side of the vehicle.
0 On January 3, 2021 at 9:00 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a heavy truck at the northbound merge lane on the 100 block of Bayshore Boulevard. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). While attempting a merge onto northbound Bayshore Boulevard from southbound Bayshore Boulevard, the Waymo AV came to a stop to yield for approaching traffic on the right. The Waymo AV was rear ended by the truck, causing minor damage to the right rear bumper of the Waymo AV. The truck sustained damage to the left front bumper.
0 On January 22, 2023 at 5:08 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Bayshore Boulevard at Jerrold Avenue. The Waymo AV was traveling north on Bayshore Boulevard when, upon entering the intersection at Jerrold Avenue, a passenger vehicle which had previously been stopped at a red light, proceeded through the red light. The passenger vehicle approached from the left and made contact with the left rear bumper of the Waymo AV. The other vehicle immediately left the scene of the collision. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained damage.
0 The Lexus AV was traveling northbound on El Camino Real in Autonomous mode, when and Audi sedan traveling westbound on View street. failed to come to a stop at the stop-sign  at the intersection of El Camino Real and View street. The Audi rolled through the stop-sign and struck the right rear quarter panel and right rear wheel of the Lexus AV.  Prior to the collision, the Lexus AV's autonomous technology began applying the brakes in response to its detection of the Audi's speed and trajectory.Just before the  collision, the driver of the Lexus AV disengaged Autonomous mode and took manual control of the vehicle in response to the application of the brakes by the Lexus AV's  autonomous technology.
0 The above identified Google Lexus  autonomous yehicle (Google AV) was  involved in an accident in Mountain View  when travelling northbound on Cnstro  street and making a right turn onto Bl  Camino  eastbound, The Google AV was operating in autonomous mode at the time  of the accident.The Google AV was travelling northbound in the rightmost line of Cnstro street and came to a complete stop for a red light at the intersection of Castro street and BI Camino Real, The Google AV then proceeded to make a right turn on rod by creeping forward to obtain a balter field  of view of cross traffic on El Camino Real approaching from the left. While creeping forward, tho Google AV detected a vehicle  approaching castbound on El Camino Real tind came to a stop in order to yield to the approaching vehicle. The Google AV was just starting to move (<1  MPH) when the vehicle following immediately behind it, which was also  attempting to make a right turn onto l Canino Real,failed to brake sufficiently  and  struck the google AV's bumper at  approximately 5 MPH.All occupants of both vehicles involved were uninjured in tho collision. The Google AV sustained minimal body damage, and the other vehicle sustained no visible body damage.
0 Lexus RX450H (the "AV") in autonomous mode heading southbound on California St. in Mountain View, was stopped fox a red light in the right lane (lane 2)at the intersection of California St.and Shoreline Blvd. A Toyota Camry immediately behind the AV attempted to pass the AV on its right in the bike lane, in order to make a right turn onto Shoreline Blvd. While passing the AV, the Toyota's driver's side mirror brushed one of the AV's sensors located on the passenger's side of the AV. Neither vehicle was damaged
0 A Google.Lexus model autonoinous vehicle ("Google AV") was travelling southbound on Shoreline Boulevard in Mountain View in autonomous mode and was stopped behind traffic at a red light at the intersection of Shoreline Boulevard and El Camino Real. A Ford Expedition appruaching from bchind collided with the rear bumper and sensor of the Google AV. The approximate speed of the Ford Expedition at the time of impact was 1 mph,There were no injuries reported at the sceoe by either party. The Google AV gustained minor damage to its rear sensor and bumper. There was no visible damage to'the Ford Expeditiou.
0 A Google lexus model autonomous vehicle ("Google AV") was travelling westbound on California St in Mountain View in autonomous mode and was stopped behind traffic at a red light at the intersection of California St, and Rengstorft Ave. A vehicle approaching from behind collided with the rear bumper of tine Google AV. The Google AV was stopped for approximately 17 seconds pilot to the collision, Tho approximate speed of the other vehicle at the time of impact was <1 mph .There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party.The Google AV sustained no damage and there was no visible damage to the other vehicle
0 A Google Lexus-model autonomous vehicle ("Google AV") was traveling northbound on California St. in Mountain View in autonomous mode and was stopped at a red light in the straight-only lane at the intersection of California St. and Bryant St. .The lane to the left of the Google AV was a left-turn-only lane. The vehicle waiting immediately behind the Google AV in the straight-only lane began to moveforward when the green arrow left turn signal appeared (despite the signal for the straight-only lane remaining red) and collided with the rear bumper of the Google AV.The Google AV had been stopped for about 11 seconds at the time of impact. The other vehicle was traveling about 5 mph at the time of impact.There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party. The Google AV sustained minor damage (scrapes) to its rear bumper. The other vehicle sustained minor damage (scrapes) to its front bumper.
1 A Google Lexus model autonomous vehicle ("Google AV") was traveling northbound on Grant Rd.in Mountain View approaching the intersection of Phyllis Ave. and Martens Ave. in autonomous mode. The two vehicles in front of the Google AV, the Google AV, and the vehicle behind the Google AV were all traveling at a steady speed of ~15 mph.  While approaching a green light intersection with stopped traffic on the other side of the intersection, the first vehicle decelerated and came to a stop, keeping clear of the intersection. The vehicle directly in front of the Google AV and the Google AV also decelerated and came to a stop with adequate and similar stopping distances. About 1 second later,the vehicle approaching from the rear struck the Google AV at 17 mph and did not appear to decelerate prior to the collision. At the time of the incident, the driver, co-driver, and rear passenger of the Google AV reported some whiplash.  They were driven by other team members to a local hospital, where they were evaluated by medical staff and cleared to return to work. The driver of the other vehicle reported minor neck and back pain. The Google AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper.The other vehicle sustained significant damage to its front end.
0 A Google Lexus autonomous vehicle("Google AV") operating in autonomous mode and traveling northbound on Shoreline Blvd.in Mountain View in lane two (the second of three lanes) was involved in an accident.As the Google AV approached the intersection of Shoreline Blvd.and High School way,a pedestrian began to cross the northbound lanes of Shoreline Blvd.in the crosswalk traveling westbound. The Google AV slowed to yield as it approached the crosswalk, and out of an abundance of caution the Google AV test driver disengaged the autonomous technology and took control of the vehicle. A vehicle in lane three to the immediate right of, and traveling in the same direction as, the Google AV was already stopped and yielding the right of way to the pedestrian.A vehicle in the process of changing lanes from lane one into lane two and approaching from the rear struck the Google AV. The Google AV was travelling 5 mph at the time of impact, and braking to stop for the crosswalk.The other vehicle was travelling approximately 10 mph at the time of impact.The Google AV test driver reported minor back pain and was taken to a local hospital by Google employees, where he was evaluated and released by medical staff. The Google AV co-test driver did not report any injuries. The Google AV sustained minor damage to its rear left bumper. The other vehicle sustained moderate damage to its front end and was towed from the scene. The driver of the other vehicle did not report any injuries at the scene.
0 A    Google    Lexus    model    autonomous    vehicle    ("Google    AV")    in    autonomous    mode    travelling    northbound    on    Clark    Ave    in    Mountain    View was   involved   in   an   accident.   As   the   Google   AV   approached   the   intersection   of   Clark   St.   and   El   Camino   Real   it   activated   its   turn   signal   to   indicate   its   intention   to   make   a   right   turn   on   El   Camino   Real.   The   Google   AV   came   to   a   complete   stop   at   a   red   light   at   the   intersection   and then   began   to   slowly   advance   in   order   to   get   a   better   view   of   cross   traffic   on   EI   Camino   Real   approaching   from   the   left   to   determine whether   it   was   clear   to   make   the   right   turn   on   red.   A   vehicle   approaching   from   behind   stopped   and   then   rolled   forward   and   collided   with   the rear   bumper   of   the   Google   AV.The   approximate   speed   of   the   other   vehicle   at   the   time   of   impact   was   4   MPH.   The   speed   of   the   Google   AV  at   the   time   of   impact   was   below    1   MPH. There   were   no   injuries   reported   at   the    scene   by   either   party,   The   Google   AV    sustained   minor   damage   to   the   rear   bumper.   The   other   vehicle sustained    minor    damage    to    the    passenger    side    headlight,    vehicle    hood,    and    front    bumper.
0 A Cruise Nissan Leaf autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV") was in autonomous mode traveling north at approximately 20 miles per hour in the right lane of 7th Street. The vehicle began moving within the lane to the left, and then began correcting to the right, at which point tho driver decided to take over manual control. After taking over manual control, the operator did not change the path of the vehicle and collided with an unoccupied Toyota Prts that was parallel parked on 7th Street approximately 20 feet with Bryant Street. The Prius sustained minor visible damage to the front left quarter panel area, The Cruise AV sustained minor visible  danage to the front right quarter panel area. There were no injuries.
0 A Google Lexus-model autonomous vehicle ("Google AV") was traveling in autonomous mode eastbound on El Canino Real in Mountnin   View in tho far right-hand lane approaching the Castro  St. interseciion. As the Gnogie AV appronched the intersection,it sigraled its intent   to make a right tum on red omo Casro St. The Gioogle AV then moved to the right-hand side of the ane fo pass rafte n tne sune ano that Was stopped at the intersection and proceeding straight. However, the Google AV had to come to a siop ansd go around sandbags positioned around  a  storm drain hat were blocking tis puh. When the igh umed green, traffic in the lane  oontmued past the  Gioogle AV. Aier a tew cars had passed. the Google AV began to proceed back into the center of the lane to pass the sand bags. A pubhie transitf bus wasapproaching from behind. The Gioogle AV test driver saw the bus approaching in the left side mirror but belisved the bus would Stop or slow to  allow the Google AV to continue. Approximately three  seconds latet,as the Gocgie AV was reentering tie center of the laneitmade contact with the sidte of the bus. The Googie AV was operating in autonomous mode nnd raveling at less han 2 mph and the bous was travelling at about  15 mph at the time of contact.The Google AV sustained body damage to the left front fender, the loft front wheel and one of its driver's-side sensors, There were no injuries reporterdi at the scene.
0 A GOOGLE LEXUS MODEL AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE("GOOGLE AV") WAS TRAVELLING SOUTHBOUND ON BRYANT ST.IN PALO ALTO IN AUTONOMOUS MODE AND WAS STOPPED BEHIND TRAFFIC AT THE RED LIGHT INTERSECTION OF OREGON EXPY.A VEHICLE  ATTEMPTING TO PASS ON THE RIGHT SHOULDER VERY SLIGHTLY CONTACTED THE GOOGLE AV, THE OTHER VEHICLE'S LEFT SIDE-VIEW MIRROR GRAZED THE PASSENGER SIDE OF OUR VEHICLE.THERE WERE NO INJURIES REPORTED AT THE SCENE BY EITHER PARTY.THE GOOGLE AV SUSTAINED NO DAMAGEAND, THE OTHER VEHICLE'S LEFT     SIDE-VIEW MIRROR WAS SLIGHTLY PUSHED IN
0 A Google prototype model autonomous vehicle ("Google  AV") proceeding  westbound in autonomous mode on Nita Avenue in Palo Alto was involved in an accident. The Google AV came to a stop at the intersection of San Antonio Road, then, prior to making a right turn on San Antonio Road, began to gradually advance forward in order to get a better view of traffic approaching from the left on  San Antonio Road, When the Google AV stopped in order to yield to traffic approaching from the left on  San Antonio Road, a vehicle approaching at approximately 9 mph from behind the Google AV collided with the rear bumper of the Google AV.There were no injuries reported by either party at the scene. Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
0 A Google prototype autonomous vehicle("Google AV") operating in autonomous travelling westbound on Cuesta Dr. in Los Altos, CA was involved in an accident. The Google AV was stopped at the stop sign al the intersection of Cuesta Dr. and Spinger Rd.when a vehicle approaching from behind in the same lane collided with the Google AV. The other vehicle was traveling at approximately 7 mph when it struck the Google AV.The Google AV sustained minor damage to its rear hatch and rear sensor. Google was unable to determine whether or not the other vehicle sustained any damage. There were no injuries reported at the scene. The diver of the vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. Police were notified of the incident.
0 A Google Prototype autonomous vehicle ("Google AV") travelling southeast bound on Phyilis Ave.in Mountain View in autonomous mode was involved in an accident. In preparation for making a right turn onto Grant Rd., the Google AV entered the right-turn slip lane and advanced forward at 6 MPH to gain a better view of traffic travelling southbound on Grant Rd. As the Google AV moved forward,it detected a vehicle approaching southbound on Grant Rd, and came to a stop to yield to that vehicle. Approximately one second later,a    vehicle approaching from behind the Google AV at approximately 5. MPH collided with the rear bumper of the Google AV, The Google AV experienced moderate damage to its rear bumper and hatch. The other vehicle experienced mild damage to its front bumper. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party.
0 A Google prototype autonomous vehicle ("Google AV'") traveling southeast on Phyllis Ave, in Mountain View in autonomous mode was involved in an accident. In preparation for making a right turn onto Grant Rd., the Google AV entered the right-turn slip lane and advanced forward to gain a better view of traffic traveling southbound on Grant Rd. As the Google AV moved forward, it detected an oncoming vehicle (traveling southbound on Grant Rd.) and came to a stop in order to yield to the oncoming vehicle. Approximately one second later, a vehicle approaching from behind the Google AV collided with the rear bumper of the Google AV at an approximate speed of 15 mph. The   Google AV experienced moderate damage to its rear bumper and hatch. The other vehicle experienced minor damage to its front bumper.There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party.
0 A Google prototype autonomous vehicle ("Google AV") proceeding westbound in autonomous mode on Nita Avenue in Palo Alto wasinvolved in an accident. The Google AV came to a stop at the intersection of San Antonio Road, then, in preparation for making a right turn  on San Antonio Road, began to gradually advance forward in order to gain a better view of cross-traffic. A 12-passenger shuttle van waiting immediately behind the Google AV then advanced forward at approximately 7 mph and collided with the rear bumper of the Google AV.The Google AV was travelling at approximately 3 mph at the time of the collision. The Google AV experienced minor damage to its rear  bumber and hatch. The other vehicle experienced minor damage to its front bumper and right headlight. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party.
0 A Google prototype autonomous vehicle("Google AV") traveling eastbound in manual mode on El Camino Real in Los Altos was involved in an accident. As the Google AV was completing a lane change in autonomous mode from the far right lane to the middle lane of ElCamino Real near the intersection of Showers Drive, a car stopped in traffic in the far left lane of El Camino Real abruptly changed lanes into the middle lane, immediately in front of the Google AV. The Google AV test driver took manual control of the Google AV and quickly merged back into the far right lane to avoid the vehicle. Another vehicle approaching from behind in the right lane of El Camino Real then   struck the rear passenger side quarter panel of the Google AV at approximately 23 mph. The Google AV was travelling at approximately 14 mph at the time of the collision. The Google AV sustained minor damage to its rear passenger-side tire, quarter panel, and door. The other    vehicle sustained moderate damage to its front bumper and front driver-side fender. There were no injuries reported at the scene by eitherparty.
0 A Google prototype autonomous vehicle ("Google A V") traveling southbound in autonomous mode on Shoreline Boulevard in Mountain View was involved in an accident. The Google AV entered a slip lane in order to tum right onto El Camino Real and came to a stop to yield to westbound traffic on El Camino Real. As the Google A V began to move forward onto El Camino Real, another vehicle immediately behind the Google AV collided with the rear of the Google AV. At the time of the collision, the Google AV was traveling at  approximately 3 mph, and the other vehicle was traveling at approximately 6 mph. The Google AV sustained minor damage to its rear hatch. The other vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. There were no injuries reported by either party at the scene.
0 A Google Lexus autonomous vehicle ("Google AV") traveling southwest in autonomous mode on Rengstorff Ave. in Mountain View was involved in an accident. As the Google AV made a left turn onto El Camino Real from the outside left turn lane, another vehicle in the inside left turn lane also turning left onto El Camino Real crossed into the outside left turn lane and collided with the driver's side of the Google AV. The Google AV test driver immediately disengaged the autonomous technology, took manual control of the vehicle and brought it to a stop at the side of El Camino Real. The Google AV sustained damage to its driver-side doors. The other vehicle sustained damage to its front bumper. The Google AV was traveling approximately 20 mph and the other vehicle was traveling approximately 15 mph at the time of the collision. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), was involved in an accident in San Francisco while travelling eastbound on Golden Gate.A venue between Webster and Buchanan streets, The Cruise AV was operating in autonomous mode at the time of the accident. The intersection at Buchanan does not allow for vehicular cross traffic but is controlled by a crosswalk with yellow lights that flash when activated.As the Cruise AV was approaching the crosswalk at Buchanan,the yellow lights were flashing.The Cruise AV slowed,paused briefly before the crosswalk,and then began to proceed.The vehicle immediately behind the Cruise,a Toyota Highlander,also slowed and paused in concert with the Cruise AV.A third vehicle,a Subaru,located behind the Toyota,did not slow and collided with Toyota,causing the Subaru's airbags to deploy.That collision pushed the Toyota into the back of the Cruise AV. None of the occupants of the Cruise AV or Toyota reported injuries at the scene,and the driver of the Subaru intended to seek medical evaluation for knee pain from the collision.The Cruise vehicle sustained minimal damage to its rear bumper.The Toyota sustained minor visible damageto its front and rear bumper.The Subaru sustained minor visible damage to its front end.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV") was traveling southbound on Tenth Street in San Francisco in autonomous mode. The Cruise AV was stopped at a red light with a Mercedes behind it, also stopped. The Cruise AV began moving forward after the light turned green and was traveling at 2 mph when the Mercedes collided with the rear of the Cruise AV. The approximate speed of the Mercedes at the time of impact was 4 mph. None of the occupants ofthe Cruise AV or Mercedes reported injuries at the scene. The Cruise AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper. The Mercedes sustained minor visible damage to its front bumper.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV") was traveling westbound on Broadway in San Francisco in autonomous mode and was in the process of passing a mobile crane truck that was double parked, blocking the westbound lane. During this maneuver, a Ford F-250 approached and simultaneously went around both the Cruise AV and the crane truck. While the Ford made its pass, the Cruise AV stopped. As the Ford completed its pass and turned back into the forward lane of travel, the Ford clipped the front, driver's side sensor of the Cruise AV. At the time of impact, the Cruise AV was stopped and the Ford was traveling at approximately 4 miles per hour. None of the occupants of the Cruise AV or Ford were injured. The Cruise AV sustained minor damage to its front, driver's side sensor and mount. The Ford sustained minor visible damage to its rear, passenger's side tire.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV") was traveling northbound on 11th Street in San Francisco in autonomous mode, turning left onto Mission Street in the outer of two left turn lanes . During the turn, a vehicle in the inner of the two left turn lanes began to cut in front of the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV braked, and a bike that had been closely crossing behind the rear of the Cruise AV ran into the back of the Cruise AV. Police were not present or called to the scene . None of the occupants of the Cruise AV were injured. The Cruise AV occupants observed that the cyclist scraped his knee. At the time, the cyclist stated an intention to seek medical evaluation, but declined to seek emergency assistance. There was a minor scratch on the AV, and the bicycle had no visible damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV") was involved in a co11ision on Van Ness Avenue. The Cruise AV was traveling northbound at 7 mph when a bus merged into the lane in front of the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV braked, and a white minivan that had been closely following ran into the back of the Cruise AV. Police were not present or called to the scene.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle("Cruise AV")was involved in a collision on Montgomery Street at Post Street. The Cruise AV was the lead car stopped at a red light.When the light turned green,the Cruise AV began moving forward. Shortly thereafter,with the Cruise AV traveling at <1 mph, a van closely following behind ran into the back of the Cruise AV.Police were not present or called to the scene.The driver of the van left the scene without stopping to identify herself to the Cruise AV driver or passengers.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle("Cruise AV")was involved in a collision on 19th Street at Shotwell Street.The Cruise AV,heading west,was slowing down as it approached the four-way stop,at which point the driver of a pick-up truck behind the Cruise AV drove into the oncoming lane and began passing the Cruise AV.While driving past the Cruise AV,the truck clipped the Cruise AV's front driver's-side corner and continued through the intersection in the opposite lane of travel.The parties stopped and exchanged information after the intersection.Police were called to the scene but no report was created.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), initially operating in autonomous mode,was involved in an incident while travelling northbound as Potrero Avenue turns into Brannan Street.The Cruise AV was proceeding straight through the intersection ,which bends to the right,when a black Dodge Charger came up quickly from behind.The Charger was in a left-turn only lane immediately to the left of the Cruise AV;but instead of turning left,the Charger tried to overtake the Cruise AVand to proceed straight as well.At this point, the driver of the Cruise AV took over manual control.As the charger cut off the Cruise AV,it scrapped the Cruise AV's front left sensor.At the time of the collision, the Cruise AV was travelling at 4 mph,while the Charger was travelling at approximately 12 mph.The Charger fled the scene without exchanging information.The driver of the Cruise AV called the police to report the incident as a hit-and-run,but the police were not dispatched and no report was fled.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle("Cruise AV"),operating in autonomous mode, was rear-ended while traveling on Bay Street at Columbus Avenue, The Cruise AV was stopped at a red light in the left of two eastbound lanes, When the light turned green, the Cruise AV began to proceed forward toward the intersection. In the right lane, another vehicle drifted within its lane toward the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV responded by decelerating, and acar following closely behind rear-ended the Cruise AV,The parties exchaned information. The police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was rear-ended by a white Ford Ranger while waiting at a stop light on 10th Street, southbound between Bryant and Division Streets. The Ranger crept forward slowly into the Cruise AV, which was completely stationary at the time of the collision. The parties exchanged information and the driver of the Ranger apologized, adding that he was on his cell phone. The police were called but, citing the lack of any injury, declined to respond to the scene.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was rear-ended by a white Volvo V40 while turning left from 5th Street onto Bryant Street. The Cruise AV was the lead car in the right of two left-turn lanes; the Volvo was directly behind. Both vehicles were stopped at a green light and were waiting to turn left. The signal changed, giving the vehicles a green left-turn arrow. The Cruise AV began making the turn and was then rear-ended by the Volvo. The parties exchanged information. The police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was rear-ended on 14th Street. The Cruise AV, in the right of two eastbound lanes, was traversing the intersection at Valencia Street. Slightly ahead in the left lane next to the Cruise AV, a vehicle drifted into the Cruise AV's lane. The Cruise AV responded by decelerating, and was rear-ended by a Honda Accord. The parties exchanged information. The driver of the Accord apologized, saying that a leg cramp prevented him from braking sufficiently. The police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was rear-ended while going through a green light on Bush Street at Montgomery Street. As the Cruise AV passed through the intersection, a pedestrian looking at his cell phone approached the crosswalk in front of the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV responded by decelerating, and was rear-ended by a Toyota Corolla. The parties exchanged information, though the driver of the Corolla lacked insurance information. The police were not called. No injuries were reported at the scene by either party. A Cruise AV test driver later sought medical evaluation for shoulder stiffness.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was involved in a collision while heading eastbound on 15th Street toward Harrison Street. The Cruise AV had stopped briefly, initially to simulate the pick-up of a ridesharing customer and then to allow oncoming traffic to pass on the narrow street. After the oncoming traffic cleared, the Cruise AV began to proceed. At the same time, from behind the Cruise AV the driver of a Ford F250 pickup truck drove into the oncoming lane and began passing the Cruise AV. While overtaking the Cruise AV, the F250 clipped a sensor on the front, driver's-side comer of the Cruise AV. The parties exchanged information. Though the police were not called, an officer passing by stopped to consult the parties and concluded no further action was required.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was involved in a collision while traveling in the right lane on Mission Street between Plum Street and South Van Ness Avenue. In heavy stop-and-go traffic, the Cruise AV allowed a delivery van to merge into traffic from a gas station parking lot, then with a green light the Cruise AV proceeded forward. A pedestrian walking against traffic, off of the sidewalk and in the Cruise AV's lane, began to cross the street directly in front of the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV slowed to a complete stop, and a Mazda Protege 5 entering traffic from the same gas station rear-ended the Cruise AV. The parties proceeded out of the traffic lane and exchanged information, although the driver of the Protege lacked license information. The police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was involved in a collision while heading west on 17th Street as it traversed the intersection with Folsom Street. As the Cruise AV passed through the intersection, a scooter came up from behind the Cruise AV and used the right-turn only lane to pass the Cruise AV on its passenger side. The scooter entered the Cruise AV' s lane in front of the AV, and in response the Cruise AV stopped. At the same time, an oncoming Subaru Impreza attempted to turn left from 17th Street to Folsom Street northbound. As the Subaru turned behind the Cruise AV, the Subaru clipped the rear, driver's-side corner of the Cruise AV. The parties proceeded out of the traffic lane and exchanged information. The police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was involved in a collision while heading south on Noe Street. As the Cruise AV crossed the intersection with Henry Street, the driver of a Toyota Land Cruiser behind the Cruise AV drove into the oncoming lane in an effort to overtake the Cruise AV. At this point, the driver of the Cruise AV took over manual control. As the Toyota cut back into the forward lane of travel, the Toyota scraped the sensor on the Cruise AV's front, driver's-side corner. The Toyota continued through the intersection and left the scene without exchanging information. A passenger in the Cruise AV called the police to report the incident as a hit-and-run. The police responded but no report was available at the time of the filing of this report.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was involved in a collision while traveling north in the right lane of 5th Street between Mission Street and Market Street. A white Honda Accord, finding a gap in the slow-moving but heavy traffic, turned left from Stevenson Street onto 5th Street directly behind the Cruise AV. When the Cruise AV decelerated to merge into the left lane, the driver of the Honda Accord -- who appears to have been distracted, looking at a person standing on the sidewalk -- failed to notice and rear-ended the Cruise AV. The parties proceeded out of the traffic lane and exchanged information. The police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was involved in a collision while traveling northeast in the middle lane on Folsom Street at the intersection with 11th Street. While passing through the intersection at 11thStreet, the Cruise AV followed the lane markings, which shift to the left as the road transitions to a one-way street starting east of 11th Street. All lanes on Folsom Street shift left that that intersection and are clearly marked. A Toyota Camry traveling behind and to the left of the Cruise AV, and gaining on the Cruise AV, did not shift left with its lane and instead crossed over its lane boundary and lightly swiped the side of the Cruise AV. The operator of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode just prior to the impact. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode in heavy traffic, was involved in a collision while traveling east on Oak Street just past the intersection with Fillmore Street. The Cruise AV was traveling in the center of three one-way lanes. Identifying a space between two vehicles (a minivan in front and a sedan behind) in the left lane, the Cruise AV began to merge into that lane. At the same time, the minivan decelerated. Sensing that its gap was closing, the Cruise AV stopped making its lane change and returned fully to the center lane. As the Cruise AV was re-centering itself in the lane, a motorcycle that that had just lane-split between two vehicles in the center and right lanes moved into the center lane, glanced the side of the Cruise AV, wobbled, and fell over. At the time of the collision, the Cruise AV was traveling with the flow of traffic at 12mph, while the motorcycle was traveling at approximately 17mph. The motorcyclist got up and walked his vehicle to the side of the road, where the parties exchanged information. 911 was called pursuant to Cruise policy. The motorcyclist reported shoulder pain and was taken to receive medical care, and a police report was taken. As reported in Traffic Collision Report#l70989746, the motorcyclist was determined to be at fault for attempting to overtake and pass another vehicle on the right under conditions that did not permit that movement in safety in violation of CVC 21755(a)
0 A Waymo Lexus-model autonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") was involved in a collision while in autonomous mode in the left turn lane on SB Shoreline near El Camino in Mountain View, CA. The Waymo AV was rear-ended by a Toyota Camry while slowly creeping forward with traffic at the red light. The Waymo AV was travelling around 1 MPH at the time of collision, the Camry was travelling around 7 MPH at moment of collision. The Waymo AV had minor damage to its rear bumper, the Camry had minor damage to its front bumper.
0 A WAYMO LEXUS-MODEL AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE ("WAYMO AV") MADE CONTACT WITH A CURB WHILE IN MANUAL MODE ON MIDDLEFIELD ROAD AT OREGON EXPRESSWAY IN PALO ALTO, CA. THE WAYMO AV WAS TRAVELING EASTBOUND IN AUTONOMOUS MODE IN THE RIGHTMOST LANE OF MIDDLEFIELD ROAD. AS THE VEHICLE CROSSED OREGON EXPRESSWAY, THE WAYMO AV AUTONOMOUS SYSTEM DETECTED THE VEHICLE IN THE LEFT ADJACENT LANE BEGIN TO DRIFT TO THE RIGHT, TOWARD THE WAYMO AV. THE WAYMO AV NUDGED TO THE RIGHTMOST SIDE OF ITS LANE. AS THE LEFT ADJACENT VEHICLE CONTINUED TO DRIFT TOWARDS THE WAYMO AV, THE WAYMO AV TEST DRIVER TOOK MANUAL CONTROL. THE WAYMO AV'S FRONT PASSENGER-SIDE TIRE THEN MADE CONTACT WITH THE RIGHT CURB, CAUSING IT TO DEFLATE. THE OTHER VEHICLE THEN STRAIGHTENED ITS TRAJECTORY IN ITS LANE AND CONTINUED ON. THERE WERE NO INJURIES REPORTED.
1 An Uber Volvo XC 90 registered under the DMV testing program ("Uber SOY") was eastbound on Geary Blvd preparing to make a right turn onto 3rd Ave. The vehicle operator disengaged the combined advanced driver assist systems on the vehicle to wait for pedestrians before making a right turn onto 3rd Ave. While the Uber SDV was stopped, a Toyota Tacoma impacted the rear of the Uber SDV. The collision caused minor damage to the vehicle's rear hatch and bumper and scuffed the Tacoma's bumper. No injuries were reported onsite. Police were not called. The Uber SDV co-pilot later reported wrist discomfort.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV")in manul travelling eastbound in the left lane on Alma Street in Palo Alto was involved in a minor collision. The Waymo AV was in autonomous mode when a vehicle ahead of it swerved right to avoid an object in the road. The driver of the Waymo AV then disengaged and began to change 1anes to the right to avoid the object. The Waymo AV's rear bumper then scraped the front left bumper of a van proceeding in the adjacent right lane, The Waymo AV was travelling at approximately 21 mph while the other vehicle was travelling at approximately 26 mph at the time of the collision, The Waymo AV experienced minor damage to its rear bumper. The other vehicle experienced minor damage to its front bumper, There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party, D
0 On August 24th at 2:58 PM, an Apple test vehicle in autonomous mode was rear-ended while preparing to merge onto Lawrence Expressway South from Kifer Road. The Apple test vehicle was traveling less than 1 mph waiting for a safe gap to complete the merge when a 2016 Nissan Leaf contacted the Apple test vehicle at approximately 15 mph. Both vehicles sustained damage and no injuries were reported by either party.
0 This statement is amended from the original filed on 1/10/2018 to correct the phrase "sustained some damage to its right rear light" by replacing the phrase with "sustained some damage to its left rear light". A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was involved in a collision while making a right hand turn from northbound Valencia Street onto 16th Street. The Cruise AV was stopped at a green light in between crosswalks of Valencia Street and 16th Street, waiting for pedestrians to cross over 16th Street. A different pedestrian from the southwest corner of Valencia and 16th ran across Valencia Street, against the "do not walk" symbol, shouting, and struck the left side of the Cruise AV's rear bumper and hatch with his entire body. There were no injuries but the Cruise AV sustained some damage to its left rear light. The police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was involved in a collision while traveling northbound on Kansas Street just past the intersection with Mariposa Street. The Cruise AV was driving in its lane when a cargo truck tried to overtake it on the left side. As it passed the Cruise AV, the truck clipped the Cruise A V's left front articulating radar. There were no injuries. The parties exchanged information. The police were called but declined to respond citing the lack of any reported injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was completing a left turn from North Point Street onto The Embarcadero. A vehicle behind the Cruise AV also turning left onto The Embarcadero tried to pass the Cruise AV on the left, and while passing turned back into the Cruise AV's lane too tightly and clipped the Cruise AV's front left sensor. damaging the sensor and the other vehicle's front right passenger door, There were no injuries and po1ice were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle. ("Cruise AV"), was involved in a collision while operating in autonomous mode, traveling westbound on McAllister Street at the intersection of Polk Street. Another vehicle attempted to pass the Cruise AV on the right vehicle, but crossed into its lane, scraping the Cruise AV's right sensor. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), was involved in a collision while operating in autonomous mode, making a left turn onto Hawthorne from Howard Street. A van directly behind the Cruise AV continued straight from the same left turn only lane, clipping the back right of the Cruise AV as it passed and damaging the bumper and back right sensor. The driver of the van did not stop. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), was involved in a collision while operating in autonomous mode, driving eastbound on Francisco Street between Broderick and Divisadero. While approaching a stop sign, the Cruise AV was rear ended causing damage to the rear bumper. The driver ofthe Cruise AV later experience stiffness in his neck, sought treatment and was released to return to work. The police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), was involved in a collision while operating in autonomous mode, driving westbound on Sutter Street. As the Cruise AV was approaching the intersection with Grant A venue, a cyclist approached, splitting the lane and riding in the wrong direction on the lane line between the Cruise AV and a row of parked cars adjacent to the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV slowed as the cyclist approached and passed, and during this time a taxi driving behind the Cruise AV bumped into the rear ofthe Cruise AV, causing scratches and a dent to the Cruise AV. The taxi driver initially pulled over to check for damage to his vehicle, but then drove away without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"),was involved in a collision while operating in autonomous mode, traveling in heavy traffic northbound on Ninth Street between Howard and Folsom Streets. A vehicle behind the Cruise AV was changing multiple lanes from the lane to the right of the Cruise AV across to the lane to the left of the Cruise AV. While completing that movement, the other vehicle clipped the corner ofthe Cruise A V. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), was involved in a collision while operating in autonomous mode, on the northbound side of Franklin Street between Vallejo and Green Streets. The Cruise AV was stopped waiting to maneuver around a double-parked vehicle. Another vehicle directly behind the Cruise AV attempted to pass the Cruise AV on the left, and in doing so clipped the left rear cornerof the Cmise AV as it passed , damaging the bumper and left rear sensor. The other vehicle did not stop. One of the Cruise AV testers sitting in the front passenger seat later reported stiffness in his neck but did not seek medical treatment. The police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV") was involved in a collision while operating in autonomous mode on the northbound side of Powell Street between Washington and Jackson Streets. The Cruise AV was stopped waiting for a pedestrian to clear the crosswalk then initiated a right turn onto Jackson Street. Another vehicle directly behind the Cruise AV rear ended the Cruise AV, damaging the rear bumper. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV") was involved in a collision while operating in autonomous mode southbound on Hyde Street at the intersection with Washington Street. The Cruise AV was stopped waiting for traffic to clear the intersection before making a left turn onto Washington Street. Another vehicle directly behind the Cruise AV collided with the Cruise AV, damaging the center of the rear bumper. The driver of the Cruise AV later experienced stiffness in his neck, sought treatment, and was released to return to work the next day. The police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV") was rear-ended while operating in autonomous mode on Bryant Street between 10th Street and 11th Street. The Cruise AV had just made a left turn from 11th Street onto Bryant when a second Cruise autonomous vehicle directly behind operating in conventional mode contacted the rear bumper of the Cruise AV, causing minor scuffs to both vehicles. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode,was traveling westbound on El Camino Del Mar between 32nd Ave and Legion of Honor Drive. The Cruise AV was struck by a golf ball from a nearby golf course causing damage to the Cruise AV's front driver windshield. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle(" Cruise AV" ), operating in autonomous mode, was involved in a collision while traveling westbound on 17th Street through the intersection with Mission Street. The Cruise AV was struck on its left rear corner by another vehicle making a left turn from eastbound 17th Street onto Mission Street. This caused damage to the Cruise AV' s rear bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was involved in a collision while turning right from eastbound Hayes Street onto Fillmore Street. Another vehicle, while pulling out ofits parking spot behind the Cruise AV, scraped the Cruise A V's rear bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (" Cruise AV" ) while operating in autonomous mode, was involved in an incident on westbound Sutter Street at the intersection with Sansome Street when a jaywalking pedestrian approached the Cruise AV and intentionally stepped up onto the hood of the vehicle while the Cruise AV was stopped at a red light, resulting in a dent on the hood. The pedestrian then stepped off and walked away. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was rear ended by another vehicle while stopped at a four-way stop on eastbound Geary Blvd at 42nd Street, cracking a rear plastic sensor casing of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (" Cruise AV" ), stopped in autonomous mode behind a double-parked delivery truck, was struck on its left side mirror by a passing vehicle traveling southeast-bound on 10th Street between Divison and Bryant Streets, scratching the mirror casing. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (" Cruise AV" ), operating in autonmous mode, was involved in a collision while traveling southbound on Gough Street at the intersection with Fell Street. The Cruise AV was driving in its lane when a motorocycle tried to overtake it on the left side. As it passed the Cruise AV, the motorcycle made contact with the left side of the Cruise AV and clipped the left front articulating radar. There were no injuries. The police were called but declined to respond citing the lack of any reported injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (" Cruise AV" ), operating in autonmous mode, was traveling southbound on Pierce Street between Ellis and Eddy Streets when a vehicle that had changed lanes to pass it on the left, turned back into the Cruise AV's lane too tightly and clipped the Cruise AV's front left radar damaging the sensor and it's casing. There were no injuries and police were not called. The driver of the other vehicle did not stop after the collision.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle(" Cruise AV" ), operating in autonmous mode, was traveling northbound on 3rd Street between 22nd and 23rd Streets when a vehicle passing it on the left merged into the Cruise A V's lane too tightly and clipped the Cruise A V's front left radar bending the bracket that holds the sensor casing. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (" Cruise AV" ), operating in autonomous mode, was proceeding northbound on Steiner Street at the intersection with Haight Street on a green light when a cyclist, traveling westbound through a red light, made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV. The cyclist mentioned right shoulder pain, but denied needing an ambulance and left the scene on his own. The police were not called.
0 A Cruise aut.onomous vehicle(" Cruise AV" ), operating in autonomous mode, was waiting for oncoming traffic to clear the intersection before making a left turn onto Fulton Street from southbound Baker Street when another vehicle made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV while attempting to pass it, causing damage to the Cruise AV' s rear bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle(" Cruise AV" ), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on 14th Street between Natoma and South Van Ness Streets when the Cruise AV began to yield to a car on its left. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode, and shortly thereafter a motorcyclist made contact with the left rear bumper of the Cruise AV, causing damage to the Cruise AV' s rear bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was proceeding straight after completing a left turn from northbound Cyril Magnin Street onto westbound Ellis Street when another vehicle, attempting to pass the Cruise AV on the left , made contact with the left rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the left rear wheel well of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 The vehicle was in autonomous mode making a right turn on red from Borregas to Gibraltar at 10:50 AM Tuesday May 22, 2018. The car came to a complete stop, proceeded slowly and then stopped again to yield for other traffic. The other vehicle collided with the rear bumper ofthe autonomous vehicle while the autonomous vehicle was at a stop. The other vehicle was moving <5 MPH. There were no injuries and minimal damage to the bumper ofthe autonomous car, a few scratches. The other vehicle had minimal damage to the front bumper, a few scratches.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV") in autonomous mode was rear-ended while stopped at a red light at the intersection of north Grant Rd and Covington Rd in Mountain View, CA. The Waymo AV was stopped for approximately 9 seconds when a vehicle approaching from behind made contact with the rear bumper of the A V at approximately 3 mph. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party. The police were notified that the driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging vehicle and insurance information.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV") in autonomous mode was broadsided while stationary in a parking lot at 100 Mayfield Ave. in Mountain View, CA. The Waymo AV was stopped for approximately 65 seconds when a vehicle backing out of a parking spot made contact with the Waymo AV's driver's-side sliding door and rear quarter panel at approximately 2 mph. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party. The operator of the Waymo AV disengaged autonomous mode while the other vehicle pulled back into the spot it had previously occupied. Both parties then exchanged information. 
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV") traveling on Highway 85 N inMountain View struck the median divide after the driver disengaged the vehiclefrom autonomous mode to manual mode and allowed the vehicle to drift out of its lane while in manual mode. The Waymo A V experienced moderate damage to its front left tire and bumper. There were no other vehicl es involved and no inj uries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV") in autonomous mode was rear-ended while it was traveling northwest on Middlefield Road at Oregon Expressway in Palo Alto. The Waymo AV was approaching the right-only turn lane and came to a stop prior to the tum in reaction to a third vehicle passing on its left potentially entering into its lane, The vehicle traveling behind collided with the Waymo AV at approximately 13 mph, The Waymo AV experienced minor damage to a sensor and rear bumper. The other vehicle experienced minor damage to its front bumper. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV") was in autonomous mode at a red traffic light on West Middlefield Road at Rengstorff Avenue. The Waymo AV was yielding to cross traffic coming from the left when a vehicle from behind approached and made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV") was rear-ended while stopping for a red light in autonomous mode at the intersection of northbound Central Expressway and Shoreline in Mountain View, CA. There were no injuries.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV") in autonomous mode was rear-ended while traveling southeast on Middlefield Road at the Bryson Avenue intersection in Palo Alto. As the Waymo AV was stopped, the vehicle following it made contact at low speed. There were minor damages and no injuries reported at the scene by either party.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV") in autonomous mode traveling northbound on Gretel Lane in Mountain View was preparing to make a right turn when it was rear ended by another vehicle. The Waymo AV was completely stopped; the other vehicle was traveling at approximately 2 mph at the time of the collision. There was minor damage to both vehicles and no injuries reported at the scene by either party.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV") in autonomous mode traveling southbound on San Antonio in Palo Alto, CA was stopped to yield to cross traffic when it was rear ended by a vehicle traveling at approximately 5 mph at the time of the collision. There was minor damage to both vehicles and no injuries reported at the scene by either party.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo A V") was stopped in A utonomous mode in the sliplane of Villa St. and Shoreline Blvd. in Mountain View when a passenger vehicle struck the rear of the Waymo AV at low speed. T he Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle had minor damage to the front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle(" Waymo AV" ) in autonomous mode was rear ended after entering the parking lot at l 00 Mayfield Ave. The Waymo AV was yielding for an oncoming vehicle while preparing to make a left turn inside the parking lot. There was minor damage to both vehicles and no injuries reported at the scene by either party.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") was stopped in autonomous mode at a traffic light at the intersection of Rengstorff Ave. and Garcia Ave. in Mountain View when a box truck made contact with the rear bumper of the Waymo AV. The Waymo vehicle sustained minor damage to the rear bumper, and the box truck had minor damage to the front bumper and license plate. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo A utonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") traveling in Autonomous mode southbound on Shoreline Boulevard, in the right hand slip lane, turning right onto westbound El Camino Real in Mountain View when the Waymo AV came to a stop to yield to approaching traffic from the left, when it was struck from behind by a passenger vehicle. T he Waymo AV sustained minor damage and the passenger vehicle had minor damage. There were no injuries reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") was traveling at approximately 21 MPH westbound in Lane 2 of El Camino Real in Mountain View in self-driving mode. A passenger vehicle in Lane 1,to the left of the Waymo AV, began to change lanes into Lane 2 to avoid a box truck blocking two lanes of traffic, Waymo's test driver took manual control ofthe AV out of an abundance of caution, disengaged from self-driving mode, and began changing lanes into Lane 3. A motorcycle, traveling at approximately 28 MPH behind the Waymo AV, had just entered Lane 3 to overtake the Waymo AV on its right. The Waymo AV and motorcycle collided at the Way mo AV's right rear corner. The motorcyclist reported injuries and was transported to the hospital for treatment. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the rear bumper.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") in autonomous mode was stopped to check for oncoming traffic while in a slip lane to turn from Shoreline Boulevard onto El Camino Real in Mountain View when it wasrear ended by a passenger vehicle. The Waymo AV sustained moderate damage to the rear left ofthe vehicle, and the passenger vehicle had moderate damage to the front right ofthe vehicle. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV") in autonomous mode from southbound Alma Street onto southbound Oregon Expressway in Palo Alto was stopped and yielding to traffic while waiting to make a right turn at a stop sign when it was rear-ended by a passenger vehicle traveling at less than 1 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the bumper, and the passenger vehicle had minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") was traveling in autonomous mode in the leftmost lane of northbound Rengstorff Avenue approaching Charleston Road in Mountain View when the test driver accidentally disengaged autonomous mode. The Waymo AV then struck a curb at approximately 28 MPH and the front driver-side tire deflated. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") was stopped in autonomous mode on the off-ramp from westbound Alma Street to southbound Oregon Expressway in Palo Alto when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was yielding to cross-traffic when a passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV 's rear bumpe at approximately 9 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle had minor damage to the front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") was in autonomous mode at the merge onto northwest-bound Central Expressway exiting the ramp from northeast-bound San Antonio Road in Palo Alto when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV stopped to yield to traffic on Central Expressway, after which the passenger vehicle immediately behind the Waymo AV struck the Waymo AV's rear bumper at approximately 2 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the other vehicle had no apparent damage. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 This OL3 16 is being submitted as an update to the OL3 16 concerning the collision on 1112912018 and originally signed 1211912018 (listed on dmv.ca.gov as: https://www.dmv.ca.gov/portal/wcm/connect/eb71d37f-Od7d-4d05-a268-c6e7db7b0b03/'Waymo_l l 2918.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=)A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") was stopped ih autonomous mode on Middlefield Road at Oregon Expressway in Palo Alto when a county bus came in contact with the passenger side mirror, pushing it towards the AV. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light, and the bus was making a right-on-red in the adjacent right turn lane. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the mirror, and the bus did not stop to exchange information. There were no injuries reported.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") was traveling in autonomous mode on northbound View Street at California Street in Mountain View, approaching a four-way intersection with a traffic calming island. After coming to a complete stop at a two-way stop sign, the Waymo AV determined it was safe to proceed through the intersection and began to do so, when it detected a bicyclist approaching from the right. The Waymo AV then stopped for the bicyclist, whose front tire made contact with the passenger side of the stationary Waymo AV at approximately 3 MPH. The bicyclist remained upright and rode away without exchanging information. No injuries or damage were reported or observed.
0 A Hyundai rear-ended a stationary Zoox autonomous vehicle (Zoox AV) that was operating in Autonomous Mode when struck. The collision occurred while the Zoox AV was traveling westbound on Pacific A venue, intending to make a right turn at a green light onto Sansome St. The Zoox AV had slowly decelerated from a low speed and stopped, waiting for a pedestrian to clear the intersection, when the Hyundai1s front, passenger-side bumper made contact with the Zoox AV'sdriver-side rear bumper and sensor. At the time of collision, the Hyundai was traveling at just under 4 MPH and was slightly accelerating towards the Zoox AV prior to impact.
0 On November 20,2018, at approximately 10:04PM,a Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode made a gradual stop at the stop sign at the intersection of Stockton St and Lombard St. While waiting and stopped at the stop sign, the Zoox vehicle was rear-ended by an Infiniti M35. The lnfiniti made contact with the rear bumper of the Zoox vehicle . The Infiniti was traveling at approximately 5-10mph when it hit the Zoox vehicle. There were no inj uries and no visible damage to either vehicle.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was stopped at a red light on southbound Hyde Street at the intersection with Sutter Street when another vehicle behind the Cruise AV attempted to change into the right adjacent lane and made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right rear radar and assembly. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southeast bound on The Embarcadero near the intersection with Battery Street when the Cruise AV yielded to another vehicle in the left adjacent lane that encroached into the Cruise AV’s lane. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, a second vehicle behind the Cruise AV made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right rear bumper, fascia, signal lamp, and radar assembly. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. Both of the Cruise AV test operators later mentioned neck and back injuries.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southeast bound on Howard Street near the intersection with 9th Street when a bicyclist in the right adjacent dedicated bike lane veered away from a wayward pedestrian throwing an unknown object in the bicyclist's direction in the crosswalk. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, the bicyclist veered into the Cruise AV's lane and made contact with the right front passenger door of the Cruise AV. No injuries were reported at the scene by either party. Police were called but not dispatched to the scene. The bicyclist later reported injuries.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound in a channelized lane on Beach Street near the intersection with The Embarcadero when it stopped at the traffic light and another vehicle behind the Cruise AV made contact with its rear bumper. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. The Cruise AV test operators sitting in the driver’s seat and in the backseat later mentioned back pain.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southwest bound on King Street between 2nd and 3rd Streets when the Cruise AV slowed down. Shortly thereafter, another vehicle, changing into the Cruise AV’s lane from the right adjacent lane, made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right rear fascia and a radar mounting bracket. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on 24th Street at the intersection with Mission Street when the Cruise AV yielded to an electric scooterist traveling northbound on Mission Street and violating a red light. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, the electric scooterist made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right rear fascia and brake light. The electric scooterist left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southeast bound on 11th Street between Howard and Folsom Streets when the Cruise AV slowed down for a passing motorcyclist behind it. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, the motorcyclist made contact with the left rear corner of the Cruise AV. The collision resulted in damage to both the Cruise AV and the motorcycle. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was making a right turn from eastbound California Street onto southbound Hyde Street when another vehicle made contact with the Cruise AV’s rear bumper, damaging the rear fascia and the rear center radars. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. Days after the collision, the Cruise AV test operator sitting in the driver's seat reported injuries. [originally filed 12/4/2019, amended 12/16/2019]
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southeast bound on The Embarcadero at the intersection with Washington Street when the Cruise AV slowed down. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, another vehicle made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s rear fascia assembly and radars. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. Both of the Cruise AV test operators later mentioned neck and back pain.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was stopped at a 4-way stop on southbound 30th Avenue at the intersection with California Street when another vehicle made contact with the Cruise AV’s rear bumper, damaging the rear fascia and rear center radar assembly of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”) operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Leavenworth Street at the intersection with Post Street when the Cruise AV yielded to a public transit bus changing into the Cruise AV’s lane from the right adjacent lane. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, another vehicle made contact with the left rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s left rear fascia and the other vehicle’s right front fascia. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Stanyan Street at the intersection with Beulah Street when a lane-encroaching municipal city bus in the right adjacent lane attempted to pass the Cruise AV. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, the city bus made contact with the right side of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right articulating radar casing. There were no injuries. Police were called but not dispatched to the scene.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on South Van Ness Street near the Howard Street fork when another vehicle, turning right onto South Van Ness from Howard, made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV, causing damage to the Cruise AV’s rear bumper.  There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Gough Street at the intersection with Fell Street when the Cruise AV began to yield to a car on its right. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode, and shortly thereafter, another vehicle made contact with the center rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the rear radar mounting bracket of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Gough Street between Rose and Haight Streets when another vehicle, following closely behind the Cruise AV, made contact with the rear center bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging two fastening clips on the underside of the Cruise AV’s rear bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was making a right turn from 16th Street onto northbound Guerrero Street when another vehicle, entering traffic from a curbside parked position on westbound 16th Street, made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s rear right bumper, wheel well, and rear parking sensor.  The driver of the other vehicle drove away without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was proceeding westbound on Eddy Street at the intersection with Leavenworth Street when another vehicle made contact with the center rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s left center rear bumper and radar connector.  Police were not called and no injuries were reported at the scene by either party.  Both of the Cruise AV testers sitting in passenger seats later sought medical attention for neck stiffness.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Franklin Street at the intersection with Ellis Street when the Cruise AV began to yield to a lane-splitting motorcyclist on its left rear. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode, and shortly thereafter, the motorcyclist made contact with the Cruise AV’s front left radar, damaging the radar’s casing. There were no injuries and police were not called. The motorcyclist did not stop.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was approaching the intersection prior to making a left turn from southbound Lyon Street onto eastbound California Street when the Cruise AV yielded to an overtaking vehicle on its left proceeding straight on southbound Lyon. Once the overtaking vehicle completed its pass, the Cruise AV attempted to continue its left turn when another vehicle directly behind the Cruise AV, attempting to turn right on California, made contact with the Cruise AV’s right rear bumper, damaging the bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was stopped at a red light on eastbound 24th Street at the intersection with Potrero Avenue when another vehicle approaching from the rear did not come to a complete stop and made contact with the Cruise AV’s rear bumper. The driver of the other vehicle drove away without exchanging information. The Cruise AV tester sitting in the driver’s seat requested medical treatment and emergency services arrived on the scene. SFPD incident report number  was not available at the time of filing of this report.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was approaching the intersection prior to making a left turn from northbound Larkin Street onto westbound McAllister Street when the Cruise AV slowed down. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode, and shortly thereafter, another vehicle made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right rear bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling from southbound Steiner Street to southbound Sanchez Street via eastbound Duboce Avenue when a skateboarder traveling through the stop sign on eastbound Duboce made contact with the rear passenger door of the Cruise AV. The skateboarder left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was stopped at a red light on northbound Franklin Street at the intersection with Bay Street when a lane-splitting  motorcycle made contact with the Cruise AV’s front right articulating radar, damaging the cover. The motorcyclist did not stop. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling straight through a green light northbound on Fillmore Street at the intersection with Fell Street when another vehicle, traveling westbound and violating a red light on Fell Street, came into the Cruise AV’s path. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode, and thereafter, the Cruise AV and the other vehicle made contact, damaging the other vehicle’s left rear door and the Cruise AV’s front bumper assembly, grill, and both front wheel wells. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was about to make a left turn after stopping at the four-way stop sign on westbound Euclid Avenue at the intersection with Palm Avenue when another vehicle made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. Police were not called and no injuries were reported at the scene by either party. Two of the Cruise AV testers sitting in the driver and front passenger seats later mentioned injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was changing lanes into the left turn lane on eastbound Geary Boulevard between 8th and 9th Avenues when the Cruise AV slowed down.  The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, another vehicle  changing into the same lane made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s bumper.  There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Clay Street through the intersection with Van Ness Avenue when another vehicle made contact with the rear right bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right brake light assembly. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling in the left lane on northbound Folsom Street between 13th and 12th Streets when another vehicle changed into the Cruise AV’s lane without using its left signal. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, the Cruise AV and the other vehicle made contact, damaging the Cruise AV’s front right bumper, fender, and wheel well. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Divisadero Street between Pine and Bush Streets when another vehicle made contact with the left rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the bumper and left tail light. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was making a left turn from the leftmost lane on westbound Bush Street onto northbound Octavia Street when the Cruise AV slowed down. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, another vehicle clipped the Cruise AV’s right rear corner, damaging the right rear bumper cover, wheel well, and wheel. The driver of the other vehicle drove away without exchanging information. There were no injuries. Police were called but not dispatched to the scene.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Divisadero Street through the intersection with Fell Street when the Cruise AV slowed down. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, another vehicle made contact with the Cruise AV’s rear bumper, damaging the rear bumper and fascia assembly. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was making a right turn from northbound 10th Avenue onto eastbound California Street when another vehicle made contact with the Cruise AV’s left rear bumper, damaging the upper rear fascia and lower tail light assembly. The driver of the other vehicle drove away without exchanging information. Police were not called and no injuries were reported at the scene by either party. The Cruise AV tester sitting in the driver seat did not report injuries on the scene but later mentioned injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was making a right turn from northeast bound Bryant Street onto southeast bound 10th Street when another vehicle made contact with the Cruise AV’s left rear corner, damaging the upper left tail lamp assembly. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Duboce Avenue between Guerrero Street and Market Street when another vehicle made contact with the Cruise AV’s left rear corner, damaging the lower left tail lamp assembly and left rear wheel well. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Grant Street between Clay and Washington Streets when another vehicle, completing a left turn from Clay onto Grant, made contact with the left rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the left lower tail lamp and rear fascia. The driver of the other vehicle drove away without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was waiting for oncoming traffic to clear the intersection before making a left turn onto Bush Street from southbound Steiner Street when another vehicle made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right rear fascia, bumper, and wheel well. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling on southeast bound 10th Street between Market and Jessie Streets when another vehicle changing into the same lane made contact with the left rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s left rear bumper and wheel well. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on 14th Street at the intersection with Valencia Street when another vehicle began to change into the Cruise AV’s lane. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, the other vehicle made contact with the right front corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right front fender. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Fell Street between Webster and Fillmore Streets when the Cruise AV began to yield to traffic in the left adjacent lane. The driver of the Cruise disengaged from autonomous mode, and shortly thereafter, another vehicle changing into the same lane made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s rear hatch and window and right rear body and fascia. There were no injuries and police were not called. 
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southwest bound on Mission Street between 1st and 2nd Streets when the Cruise AV slowed down. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter,another vehicle made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right rear bumper, fender, and hatch.There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Leavenworth Street between Geary and Post Streets when another vehicle changed from the right adjacent lane to ahead of the Cruise AV without using its left signal. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, a second vehicle made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s rear bumper mounting bracket. Police were not called and no injuries were reported at the scene by either party. The Cruise AV tester sitting in the driver’s seat later mentioned neck pain.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on 24th Street between Noe and Sanchez Streets when the Cruise AV yielded to a jaywalking pedestrian and for clearance to maneuver around a double-parked vehicle immediately ahead of it. While the Cruise AV waited, another vehicle pulling out of a driveway and into the Cruise AV’s lane made contact with the left rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s left rear bumper, fender, and radar. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Noe Street at the intersection with 14th Street when the Cruise AV yielded to a pedestrian in the north crosswalk. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode, and shortly thereafter, another vehicle attempting a left turn from southbound Noe onto eastbound 14th made contact with the left rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s left rear fascia and wheel well. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. 
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Geary Boulevard between 32nd and 33rd Avenues when another vehicle, traveling in the right adjacent lane, changed into the same lane as the Cruise AV and made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right rear fascia and bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Division Street between Potrero Avenue and Bryant Street when the Cruise AV slowed down in the right turn lane. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode, and shortly thereafter, an electric scooterist traveling in the same lane made contact with the rear bumper and fascia of the Cruise AV. The scooterist reported injuries and emergency services and the police arrived at the scene. SFPD incident report number 190633860 was not available at the time of filing of this report.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV), operating in autonomous mode, was yielding to oncoming traffic prior to making a left turn onto northbound Palm Avenue from eastbound Geary Boulevard when another vehicle made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. The Cruise AV tester sitting in the front passenger seat later mentioned neck pain.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Clay Street at the intersection with Kearny Street when the Cruise AV slowed down. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, a bicyclist proceeding straight on northbound Kearny Street made contact with the right rear fender of the Cruise AV, damaging its fender. The bicyclist left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northeast bound on Bryant Street between 11th and 10th Streets when the Cruise AV yielded to a parallel parking vehicle ahead on the right. Shortly thereafter, a lane-splitting electric scooterist attempting to change lanes made contact with the left rear corner of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. The electric scooterist later reported injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southeast bound on Spear Street between Howard and Folsom Streets when the Cruise AV slowed down to change into the right adjacent lane due to traffic cones ahead. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, a lane-splitting car made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right lower tail lamp. The driver of the other vehicle drove away without exchanging information. There were no injuries reported. Police were called but were not dispatched to the scene.
0 On November 19, 2019 at approximately 2:04pm in clear weather, a Lyft Autonomous Vehicle (“Lyft AV”) was travelling at 29.6mph in autonomous mode northbound in the right lane on El Camino Real Blvd in Palo Alto, CA when the Safety Driver commanded manual mode with steering and brake inputs in immediate reaction to the third party vehicle in the adjacent center lane abruptly cutting in to the AV's lane, apparently attempting to make a last-second right turn onto Medical Foundation Drive.  Approximately 1.5 seconds later, the third party vehicle collided with AV which was then travelling at 14mph. The third party passenger vehicle made contact with the Lyft AV’s front left lidar sensor and the driver side fender.  Damage was limited to the third party’s passenger side door and passenger side fender, and the Lyft AV’s front bumper, left bumper lidar sensor and driver side fender. No injuries were reported and law enforcement was not called.
0 A Pony.AI autonomous vehicle ("Pony AV") in autonomous mode was traveling southbound on Pine Street heading towards Cameron Hills Drive.  A passenger vehicle traveling southbound behind the Pony AV crossed the traffic line and entered the northbound lane of Pine Street in an attempt to pass the Pony AV.  The Pony AV's speed remained consistent.  After passing the Pony AV by about a quarter car length, the passenger vehicle abruptly turned back into the southbound lane of Pine Street such that it was in very close proximity to the front of the Pony AV.  The passenger vehicle then suddenly decelerated.  The Pony AV's safety driver disengaged autonomous mode and manually applied the brake.  As a result of the passenger vehicle's sudden deceleration, the Pony AV's front-left bumper made contact with the back-right bumper of the passenger vehicle causing minor scratches to both vehicles.  The safety driver of the Pony AV and the driver of the passenger vehicle stopped to exchange information.  No injuries were reported and the police were not called.
0 A Pony.ai autonomous vehicle ("Pony AV") in autonomous mode was stopped at a red light at the intersection of Dixon Landing Road and California Circle. While stopped at the red light, the Pony AV's safety driver noticed that the reverse lights of the vehicle directly in front of the Pony AV ("Vehicle 2") were on. The Pony AV's safety driver disengaged autonomous mode, observed that there were no vehicles directly behind it, and reversed 20-30 feet as a precaution. When the traffic light turned green, Vehicle 2 accelerated while still in reverse toward the Pony AV.  Vehicle 2 came to a complete stop about 4 feet from the Pony AV's front bumper. After about 2 seconds, however, Vehicle 2 continued to reverse in the direction of the Pony AV, resulting in contact between the two vehicles. The contact caused minor scratches to both vehicles. The Pony AV's safety driver and the driver of Vehicle 2 pulled over at a nearby parking lot and exchanged information. There were no injuries reported and the police were not called.
1 Per the DMV's request of 02/21/2019, Waymo is resubmitting this OL316 so the DMV's digital version is compliant with accessibility requirements under AB 434. Waymo's original report was submitted on 02/14/2019.A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode in the slip-lane from northbound Shoreline Boulevard to northbound Central Expressway in Mountain View when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was yielding to approaching traffic from the left when a passenger vehicle rear-ended the Waymo AV while travelling approximately 4 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle had minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene but the two operators in the Waymo AV later reported minor headache and neck soreness. They sought medical attention and both were cleared to return to work.
0 Per the DMV's request of 02/21/2019, Waymo is resubmitting this OL316 so the DMV's digital version is compliant with accessibility requirements under AB 434. Waymo's original report was submitted on 02/19/2019.A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was traveling in autonomous mode in the far right lane on southbound Highway 85 passing El Camino Real in Mountain View. A passenger vehicle entered the highway from El Camino Real and made an unsafe maneuver by crossing over a solid white line and cutting-in to the Waymo AV’s lane. Out of an abundance of caution, the Waymo AV’s test driver disengaged the autonomous mode on the Waymo AV and made an evasive maneuver into the left adjacent lane at approximately 45 MPH. As the test driver made the maneuver, the Waymo AV came into contact with a second passenger vehicle that had been approaching from behind in the left adjacent lane. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage and tire marks to the driver side of the vehicle, and the second passenger vehicle sustained no damage. The driver of the second passenger vehicle stopped to exchange information with the Waymo test driver, but after volunteering that there was no damage to their vehicle, left the scene. The first passenger vehicle did not stop. There were no injuries reported.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode at the intersection of Miramonte Avenue and Covington Road in Los Altos when it was involved in a collision. The Waymo AV was traveling northbound on Miramonte Avenue, when it reached a four-way stop sign intersection. The Waymo AV stopped to yield to another vehicle at the intersection, at which time a passenger vehicle rear-ended the Waymo AV at approximately 39 MPH. At the time of the collision the Waymo AV had been stopped for approximately 1.5 seconds. The Waymo AV sustained major damage to its rear bumper, rear hatch, and rear quarter panels, and the passenger vehicle sustained major damage to its front bumper, hood, and front quarter panels. First responders attended to the scene, but neither party reported injuries.
1 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) in autonomous mode was yielding to check for cross traffic while in the slip lane to turn from southbound Shoreline Boulevard to westbound El Camino Real in Mountain View when it was rear-ended by a passenger vehicle at approximately 5 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle had minor damage to its front bumper. The two Waymo AV operators reported neck/back pain but declined medical attention at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) in autonomous mode was yielding to check for cross traffic while in the slip lane to turn from northbound Whisman Station Drive to southbound S. Whisman Road in Mountain View when it was rear-ended by a passenger vehicle at approximately 7 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle had minor damage to its front bumper. There were no injuries reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) in autonomous mode was stopped in traffic while in the leftmost lane on southbound San Antonio Road headed toward Charleston Road in Palo Alto when it was rear-ended by a passenger vehicle maneuvering into the Waymo AV’s lane at approximately less than 1 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor scratches to its rear sensor, and the passenger vehicle left the scene. There were no injuries reported at the scene.
1 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode on the off-ramp from westbound Alma Street to southbound Oregon Expressway in Palo Alto when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was yielding to cross-traffic when a passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 5 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle left the scene without stopping or exchanging information. The Waymo AV driver complained of neck, back, and nose pain and was treated at the scene by emergency responders. 
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode on southbound Escuela Avenue at El Camino Real in Mountain View when it was side-swiped. The Waymo AV was stopped in traffic at a red light when a passenger vehicle attempted to pass the Waymo AV on the right, and made contact with a sensor on the Waymo AV’s passenger side front fender at approximately 1 MPH. The Waymo AV’s sensor housing sustained a minor scratch, and the passenger vehicle sustained a minor scratch to its driver side mirror. There were no injuries reported at the scene. 
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was in autonomous mode on the off-ramp from eastbound Alma Street to southbound Oregon Expressway in Palo Alto when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was traveling approximately less than 1 MPH and yielding to cross-traffic when a passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 5 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. There were no injuries reported at the scene. 
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode on southbound N. Shoreline Boulevard at W. Middlefield Road in Mountain View when a bicyclist made contact with the side of the Waymo AV. The Waymo AV was traveling in the far right lane on N. Shoreline Boulevard and slowing for a red light at W. Middlefield Road, when a bicyclist began to cross all lanes of traffic from the east side of N. Shoreline Boulevard to the west side of the boulevard, in a diagonal manner, against the flow of traffic. As the bicyclist approached the Waymo AV, the Waymo AV began braking for the bicyclist. As the Waymo AV came to a stop, the bicyclist then made contact with the driver’s side rear quarter panel of the Waymo AV at approximately 8 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor scratches to the driver’s side rear taillight, and the bicyclist, remaining upright, appeared to sustain no damage or injuries as they cycled away from the scene without exchanging information.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was in autonomous mode on northbound S. Rengstorff Avenue at Crisanto Avenue in Mountain View when it was rear-ended. After starting to proceed following a red-to-green traffic light change, the Waymo AV yielded to a bicyclist who merged from the bike lane into the Waymo AV’s travel lane, and a passenger vehicle then made contact with the rear bumper of the Waymo AV. The passenger vehicle was traveling at approximately 8 MPH, and the Waymo AV was traveling at approximately 3 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. There were no injuries reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode in a grocery store parking lot in Los Altos when a passenger vehicle reversed into it. Three passengers were exiting the Waymo AV when the passenger vehicle in the right adjacent parking spot began to reverse out of the parking spot and made contact with the Waymo AV’s passenger side rear quarter panel at approximately 1 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its passenger side sliding rear door and rear quarter panel, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its rear bumper. No injuries were reported. 
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode in traffic at a red light on southbound Rengstorff Avenue at Central Expressway in Mountain View when it was rear-ended by a passenger vehicle. The passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 1 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported. 
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode on westbound Cuesta Drive at S. San Antonio Road in Los Altos when it was rear-ended.  The Waymo AV was preparing to make a right-on-red from Cuesta Drive onto northbound S. San Antonio Road and was yielding to cross-traffic when a passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV's rear bumper at approximately 3 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained no damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported. 
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode on northbound Distel Drive at El Camino Real in Los Altos when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was preparing to make a right-on-red from Distel Drive onto eastbound El Camino Real and was yielding to cross-traffic when a passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 1 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported. 
1 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode on the interchange from eastbound Alma Street merging onto southbound Oregon Expressway in Palo Alto when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was yielding to cross-traffic when a passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 8 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. There were no injuries reported at the scene; the Waymo test driver later reported dizziness but declined medical attention. 
1 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode in the slip lane from southbound Whisman Station Drive to northbound Central Expressway in Mountain View when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was yielding to approaching traffic when a passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 11 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. The Waymo AV test driver and Waymo passenger in the vehicle both reported neck pain, but declined medical treatment at the scene. No other injuries were reported.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was in autonomous mode and beginning to proceed at a green traffic light to turn left from northbound Castro Street to northbound Central Expressway in Mountain View when it was rear-ended at approximately 6 MPH by a passenger vehicle. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries reported at the scene.
0 The stationary Zoox vehicle was in autonomous mode heading northbound on Union St. Contact occurred when the Zoox vehicle was stopped at a stop sign at the intersection of Union St. and Grant St., when it was rear-ended by an electric scooter. The scooter was following closely behind the Zoox vehicle and the scooter driver was not focused on the Zoox vehicle in front of it, when the scooter's front tire made contact with the rear bumper of the Zoox vehicle.  There were no injuries. 
0 The stationary Zoox vehicle was in autonomous mode at the stop sign on Polk St. heading northbound towards Green St. The Zoox vehicle moved forward slightly, then slowed down in caution to a pedestrian on its left and potential oncoming vehicles when the driver of the vehicle behind the Zoox vehicle made contact with the rear bumper of the Zoox vehicle.  There were no injuries.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was making a left turn onto eastbound Duboce Avenue from southbound Castro Street when the Cruise AV yielded to an oncoming car. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, another vehicle made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. Both of the Cruise AV test operators later mentioned neck and back pain 
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southeast bound on Sickles Avenue toward the intersection with Mission Street in the left turn lane; when the Cruise AV yielded to another vehicle that encroached into the Cruise AV’s lane from the right adjacent lane. Shortly thereafter, a second vehicle made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s rear impact bar and a radar mounting bracket and the other vehicle’s front bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called.  
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV), operating in autonomous mode, was yielding to oncoming traffic prior to making a left turn onto eastbound 17th Street from southbound Potrero Avenue when another vehicle made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV's right rear bumper bar and fascia. The Cruise AV test operator in the driver's seat reported back pain at the scene but did not request emergency assistance. The Cruise AV test operator sitting in the front passenger seat did not report any injuries at the scene, but later reported neck pain. Police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Turk Street through the intersection with Steiner Street when another vehicle encroached into the Cruise AV's lane from the right adjacent lane and made contact with the right side of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV's right front fender, right front door, and right rear door and the other vehicle's front left bumper and fender. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northwest bound on 9th Street near the intersection with Folsom Street in the right lane when it stopped due to traffic ahead in the intersection. Shortly thereafter, another vehicle made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV's left rear bumper, wheel well, and tail lamp and the other vehicle's front right bumper, headlight, and fender. The Cruise AV test operator sitting in the front passenger seat reported back pain at the scene, but did not request emergency assistance. Police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on 17th Street at the intersection with Potrero St., when the Cruise AV was struck by a 2007 Subaru Outback that crossed the centerline while driving eastbound on 17th Street. Immediately before the incident, the driver of the Cruise AV, seeing the oncoming vehicle crossing the centerline, disengaged from autonomous mode and brought the Cruise AV to a stop. The oncoming car made contact with the front driver side quarter panel of the Cruise AV, causing damage. There were no injuries, but the police were called. The driver of the 2007 Subaru Outback left the scene before the police arrived.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode was traveling westbound on Balboa Street between 12th and Funston Avenues when the Cruise AV was struck by the door of a 2014 Honda Civic that was parked on Balboa facing west.  Contact was made at the front passenger side of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was coming to a complete stop in response to stopped traffic on southwest bound Mission Street near the intersection with 10th Street when another vehicle approaching from the rear made contact with the Cruise AV’s rear bumper, damaging the rear right fascia light bracket. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. Both of the Cruise AV test operators mentioned back pain at the scene but police were not called.
0 The Pony.ai autonomous vehicle ("Pony.ai AV") stopped at a red light on the corner of Jamboree Rd and MacArthur Blvd, preparing to make a right tum on red. The Pony.ai AV crept into the intersection before stopping to yield to oncoming traffic. While stopped, the Pony.ai AV was rear-ended by the vehicle behind it ("Vehicle 2"). The contact between the vehicles caused a moderate dent to the back of the Pony.ai AV and minor damage to Vehicle 2. Both drivers pulled over to the side of the roadway and exchanged information. There were no injuries reported and the police were not called. The driver of Vehicle 2 admitted complete fault and responsibility.
0 The Pony.ai autonomous vehicle ("Pony.ai AV") stopped at a red light on the corner of Harvard Ave and Barranca Parkway, preparing to make a right turn on red. The Pony.ai AV crept into the intersection before stopping to yield to oncoming traffic. While stopped, the Pony.ai AV was rear-ended by the vehicle behind it ("Vehicle 2"). The contact between the vehicles caused a moderate dent to the back of the Pony.ai AV and minor damage to Vehicle 2. Both drivers pulled over to the side of the roadway and exchanged information. There were no injuries reported and the police were not called. 
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was making a left turn from Davis Street onto Vallejo Street and encountered a semi-truck flatbed parked in the intersection. The Zoox vehicle made contact with the rear right side of the truck at a very low speed. There was minor damage to the Zoox vehicle and no damage to the truck. There were no injuries and police were not called. 
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode in the slip lane from westbound Nita Avenue to northbound San Antonio Road in Palo Alto when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was yielding to approaching traffic when a commercial box truck made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 3 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the commercial box truck left without exchanging information. Waymo contacted the Palo Alto Police Department and a police report was filed. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode turning right from eastbound Park Drive onto southbound Miramonte Avenue in Mountain View when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was yielding to approaching traffic when a passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 6 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was traveling in autonomous mode, entering the slip lane onto northbound Central Expressway from the northbound S. Shoreline Boulevard ramp in Mountain View, when it began braking to yield to approaching traffic on Central Expressway. As the Waymo AV slowed down, the Waymo AV test driver disengaged and brought the Waymo AV to a stop. Moments later a passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 15 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained moderate damage to its rear bumper, and the other vehicle had moderate damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was in autonomous mode in the slip lane from southbound Whisman Station Drive to northbound Central Expressway in Mountain View when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was yielding to approaching traffic on Central Expressway when a passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 4 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was traveling northbound on Sanchez Street in San Francisco in autonomous mode when it entered the oncoming lane in order to proceed around a garbage truck and dumpster. As the Waymo AV maneuvered around the garbage truck and dumpster, the Waymo AV test driver disengaged autonomous mode and took control of the Waymo AV. As the test driver was attempting to re-enter the northbound lane in manual mode, the Waymo AV’s front driver’s side tire drove over the curb of a traffic island median and the Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported.
1 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was traveling northbound on 3rd Street in San Francisco in manual mode when it was rear-ended. The Waymo AV was traveling in autonomous mode at approximately 30 MPH in the leftmost lane as it approached the intersection at 24th Street. In this location there are traffic pylons on the left edge of the leftmost lane that separate this lane from the municipal tram line that operates in the median of 3rd Street. As the Waymo AV approached the intersection, a San Francisco MUNI city bus traveling at approximately 40 MPH in the right adjacent lane began to overtake the Waymo AV from the right, while moving toward the Waymo’s lane of travel. Due to the encroaching city bus and the pylons on the left edge of the Waymo AV’s lane, the Waymo AV began to brake. The Waymo AV test driver disengaged autonomous mode and took control of the Waymo AV. Approximately 1 second later, the passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 27 MPH. The Waymo AV was traveling approximately 4 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained significant damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained significant damage to its front bumper. The driver of the passenger vehicle and the Waymo AV test driver were transported to receive medical attention. The Waymo AV co-driver reported minor injuries but did not receive medical attention. Amended Sections 3 and 4.
0 A Zoox vehicle traveling in autonomous mode on Broadway St. towards Powell St. encountered a double-parked flatbed truck. The Zoox vehicle began to maneuver around the stationary truck and made slight contact with the left rear of the truck, causing a scrape on the passenger-side door of the Zoox vehicle; there was no damage to the truck. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Zoox vehicle was in autonomous mode while making a right lane change on Montgomery St facing north towards Clay St. A car entered traffic from a stop sign intersection on right without stopping and struck the Zoox vehicle's rear passenger side door, causing moderate damage. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Zoox vehicle was stationary in autonomous mode on Montgomery St facing north towards Broadway St, yielding for an oncoming bus encroaching upon its lane. The bus struck the driver's side mirror, causing it to fold with minor damage. The bus driver did not stop, so no information was exchanged. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was traveling on Folsom Street straight through the 5th Street intersection when a passenger vehicle in the right adjacent lane attempted to make a left turn in front of the Zoox vehicle onto 5th Street. The rear left bumper of the turning passenger vehicle made contact with the front right side of the Zoox vehicle. There were no injuries, and the police were not called.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was stopped in traffic at the intersection of Harrison St. and 13 St. when a passenger vehicle from behind hit the Zoox vehicle’s rear bumper and sensors at a low speed. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A stopped Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was struck by a passenger vehicle that approached it at low speed from behind. The Zoox vehicle incurred damage to its sensors and rear bumper. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 On January 18, 2022 at 5:20 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on 14th Street at S. Van Ness Avenue. The Waymo AV was in autonomous mode on eastbound 14th Street as it approached S. Van Ness Avenue. The test driver (in the driver’s seating position) transitioned to manual mode before reaching the intersection. The Waymo AV then proceeded through a green light into the intersection in manual mode. A passenger vehicle traveling northbound on S. Van Ness Avenue then entered the intersection against its red light, making contact with the front of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. The Waymo AV sustained damage to its front fascia and the passenger vehicle sustained damage to its driver side doors.
0 On January 20, 2022 at 2:24 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Polk Street at Sacramento Street. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light facing north on Polk Street in autonomous mode at the Sacramento Street intersection. The light turned green and the Waymo AV proceeded partially into the intersection, yielding to pedestrians in the left crosswalk while preparing to make a left turn. A passenger vehicle parked behind the Waymo AV on the right shoulder of Sacramento street pulled out of the shoulder and made contact with the right side of the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 On January 22, 2022 at 2:11 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a motorcycle on Folsom Street at 23rd Street. The Waymo AV was in autonomous mode on southbound Folsom Street in the intersection with 23rd Street, when the Waymo AV began to slow for a motorcyclist traveling on northbound Folsom Street signaling to make an unprotected left turn onto 23rd Street. The test driver (in the driver’s seating position) transitioned to manual mode and continued to slow the Waymo AV. The motorcyclist attempted to turn behind the Waymo AV and made contact with the left rear corner of the Waymo AV. The motorcyclist remained upright and rode away without stopping to provide any information. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. The Waymo AV sustained damage to the driver’s side of the rear bumper.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on 10th Street between Howard Street and Mission Street. The Cruise AV was traveling 24.9 mph upon coming to the intersection with Howard Street on a green light. As the Cruise AV entered the intersection, a 2021 Range Rover was traveling the wrong way on a one-way section of Howard Street. The 2021 Range Rover was traveling eastbound on Howard Street and entered the intersection on a red light. The Cruise AV braked prior to the Cruise AV operator disengaging the Cruise AV from autonomous mode. The Cruise AV operator continued to brake while steering away from the approaching vehicle but, shortly thereafter, the 2021 Range Rover made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the front right of the Cruise AV and the front left bumper of the 2021 Range Rover. The Cruise AV was traveling 11.2 mph at the time of contact. Police were called to the scene and no injuries were reported.
0 On January 28, 2022 at 6:30 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Franklin Street at Golden Gate Avenue. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light on northbound Franklin Street at Golden Gate Avenue. After the traffic light turned green and the Waymo AV had begun to accelerate, the passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV struck the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage, and the trailing passenger vehicle sustained minor damage.
0 On January 28, 2022 at 8:40 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a SUV on Noriega Street at 25th Avenue. While proceeding straight on eastbound Noriega Street in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV slowed down and came to a halt at the stop sign at the intersection with 25th Avenue. As the Waymo began to proceed, a SUV approached the Waymo AV from behind and made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained moderate damage.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Potrero Avenue between 15th Street and 16th Street. The Cruise AV approached the intersection with 16th Street as a Toyota Tundra traveling southbound on Potrero Avenue was making a right turn onto westbound 16th street. The Toyota Tundra was yielding for pedestrians and blocking the bike lane on southbound Potrero Avenue with Cyclist 1 and Cyclist 2 approaching. The Cruise AV braked for the two cyclists as Cyclist 3 traveling behind the Cruise AV veered left to avoid another vehicle pulling out of a curbside parking spot. Cyclist 3 then made contact with the right rear bumper of the Cruise AV, falling off their bike. Cyclist 3 reported minor injuries related to the incident and police were not called.
0 On February 2, 2022 at 8:44 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a SUV on Clipper Street and Noe Street. The Waymo AV was stopped at a stop sign facing west on Clipper Street in autonomous mode while yielding to pedestrians in the crosswalk. After the pedestrians had crossed, the Waymo started to edge forward when an SUV to the Waymo AV’s rear passed the Waymo AV by driving in the oncoming traffic lane and made contact with the left rear sensor housing of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was stopped at a traffic light on Brannan Street at 7th Street when a passenger vehicle hit the Zoox vehicle from behind. The passenger vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 On February 9, 2022 at 5:46 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a bicyclist on Parker Avenue at McAllister Street. The Waymo AV was in autonomous mode and traveling southbound on Parker Avenue when it came to a stop at McAllister Street. As the Waymo AV proceeded, a bicyclist traveling northbound on Parker Avenue proceeded through the stop sign without stopping in order to make a left turn onto westbound McAllister Street. The Waymo AV began to brake and the test driver (in the driver’s seating position), disengaged the AV system and continued braking. As the bicyclist attempted to complete their left turn, the bicyclist made contact with the driver side rear corner of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. The Waymo sustained damage.
0 On February 9, 2022 at 3:05 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a pick-up truck on Coral Road at Wisconsin Street. The Waymo AV was traveling westbound on Coral Road in autonomous mode and came to a stop while yielding to an oncoming pick-up truck in a narrow roadway. The oncoming truck continued proceeding straight and made contact with the rear left sensor of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
0 On February 11, 2022 at 5:36 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Market Street and Valencia Street. The Waymo AV was approaching stopped traffic in the left turn lane on Market Street at Valencia Street when a passenger vehicle approached from behind and made contact with the rear bumper of the Waymo AV. The other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on southbound Masonic Avenue at the intersection with Oak Street. At the intersection, an Acura Sedan was stopped in front of the Cruise AV in the left southbound lane. To the right of the Cruise AV, was a BMW Sedan in the right southbound lane. In response to the green light, the Acura Sedan made a signaled left turn onto Oak Street as the BMW Sedan stayed parallel to the Cruise AV. As the Cruise AV entered the intersection, the BMW Sedan made a prohibited left turn from the right southbound lane on Masonic Avenue with no turn signal. The Cruise AV braked and, shortly thereafter, the BMW Sedan made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the front right bumper of the Cruise AV. The driver of the BMW Sedan left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and Cruise filed a police report on February 12, 2022.
0 On February 14, 2022 at 3:02 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Kansas Street at 16th Street. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light facing north on Kansas Street at the 16th Street intersection in autonomous mode. While the traffic light was still red, the vehicle immediately behind the Waymo AV began to accelerate and made contact with the rear bumper of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 On February 19, 2022 at 7:45 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at the northbound merge lane on the 100 block of Bayshore Boulevard. While attempting a merge onto northbound Bayshore Boulevard from southbound Bayshore Boulevard, the Waymo AV came to a stop to yield for approaching traffic on the right. While stopped, a vehicle approached from behind and made contact with the rear bumper of the Waymo AV. The other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 On February 28, 2022 at 1:00 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Polk Street at Jackson Street. While traveling southbound on Polk Street at Jackson Street in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV approached a green light and signaled for a right turn when a pedestrian entered the adjacent crosswalk in accordance with the pedestrian “WALK” signal. As the Waymo AV began to slow, the driver transitioned the system into manual mode. A few seconds later, a passenger vehicle approached from behind and made contact with the rear bumper of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 On February 28, 2022 at 12:49 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Cesar Chavez at Mission Street. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light facing west on Cesar Chavez at the Mission Street intersection in the left turn lane in autonomous mode. While the traffic light was still red, the vehicle immediately behind the Waymo AV began to accelerate toward the right side of the Waymo AV and made contact with the right rear bumper of the Waymo AV. The other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 On March 9, 2022 at 12:22 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Irving Street at 25th Avenue. The Waymo AV was stopped in traffic, eastbound on Irving Street in autonomous mode. A parked car to the right of the Waymo AV began reversing into the street and made contact with the rear right side of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound in the rightmost lane on 16th Street between Mission Street and Wiese Street. Ahead of the Cruise AV, a delivery truck was double-parked in the rightmost lane of eastbound 16th Street. The Cruise AV began to maneuver around the double-parked vehicle by changing lanes. At the same time, a 2010 Honda Civic traveling behind the Cruise AV in the rightmost lane also began to maneuver and increase speed into the leftmost lane. Shortly thereafter, contact was made with the Cruise AV's side door, damaging the front driver side door and radar assembly. There were no reported injuries at the scene by either party and police were not called. The driver of the Honda Civic later claimed injuries related to the event.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Point Lobos Avenue between 48th Avenue and Balboa Street. The Cruise AV was traveling downhill when a cyclist approached the Cruise AV from behind. The Cruise AV began to brake, and shortly thereafter, the cyclist made contact with the rear window of the Cruise AV. The cyclist fell to the ground and sustained injuries. Police and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) were called. The cyclist was transferred from the scene via EMS. The impact caused damage to the rear passenger side of the bumper, rear hatch, and rear window of the Cruise AV.
0 On March 26, 2022 at 1:16 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a SUV on Oakdale Avenue and Toland Street. The Waymo AV was slowing for a stop sign while traveling westbound on Oakdale Avenue in autonomous mode. An SUV approached from behind and made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. The other party immediately left the scene of the event. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained moderate damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Greenwich Street between Steiner Street and Fillmore Street. The Cruise AV approached a pickup truck that was reversing on eastbound Greenwich Street and the Cruise AV stopped as the pickup truck continued to reverse. The pickup truck continued to reverse and made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the front bumper of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries and the Cruise AV was towed from the incident.
0 On March 28, 2022, while in supervised (“Drivered”) autonomous mode traveling eastbound on Tustin Ranch Rd in Tustin, CA, a Pony.ai Autonomous Vehicle drove over a temporary sign that had previously fallen over and was lying flat on its side in the travel lane. The impact redirected the vehicle towards the curb. The Safety Operator took control, braked, and steered the vehicle away from the direction of the curb. The right front tire scraped the right curb. The vehicle sustained minor damage to the right front strut and control arm. There were no injuries and no other vehicles involved. The Safety Operator drove the vehicle back to Pony.ai’s Irvine facility.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was stopped in traffic when a passenger vehicle from behind made contact with the rear of the Zoox vehicle at low speed. The police were not called.
0 On March 31, 2022 at 11:07 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving an SUV on the 1000 block of Potrero Avenue. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red traffic light on southbound Potrero Avenue when a pedestrian entered the crosswalk. When the traffic light turned green, the Waymo AV remained stopped for a crossing pedestrian who had just reached the pedestrian island in the middle of the crosswalk. After a brief pause, the ADV started to proceed, when the SUV behind the Waymo AV then made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
0 On April 1, 2022 at 2:27 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on 19th Avenue at Lincoln Way. The Waymo AV was in autonomous mode and proceeding southbound on 19th Avenue in the rightmost lane, with a passenger vehicle traveling parallel in the left adjacent lane. As the two vehicles approached Lincoln Way, the passenger vehicle cut into the Waymo’s lane and braked before turning right on Lincoln Way. As the passenger vehicle executed the right turn, the Waymo AV test driver transitioned to manual mode, applied the brakes, but made contact with the passenger side rear corner of the passenger vehicle. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. The other party immediately left the scene of the event. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Bush Street toward the intersection with Larkin Street. The Cruise AV was traveling in the leftmost lane of three lanes of traffic. As the Cruise AV approached the intersection on a green light, a red SUV traveling in the same direction eastbound on Bush Street remained stopped in the middle lane at the intersection with Larkin Street. As the Cruise AV began to enter the intersection, the red SUV made a prohibited left turn onto Larkin Street from the middle lane on Bush Street, across both the left lane in which the Cruise AV was traveling and a lefthand turn lane. The Cruise AV braked to avoid the SUV turning into its lane and, shortly thereafter, the red SUV made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the passenger side fender and front facia of the Cruise AV. The driver of the red SUV left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and Cruise filed a police report.
0 On April 5, 2022 at 7:55 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger car on Quintara Street at 20th Avenue. The Waymo AV came to a stop at a stop sign on Quintara Street at 20th Avenue, and as it was about to proceed, a passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV then made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was making a right turn from Bryant Street onto 9th Street when a vehicle overtaking from the rear switched lanes as it drove in front of the Zoox vehicle and made contact with the front Zoox sensors. The other party left the scene. The police were not called and there were no injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was stopped at a red light on northbound Van Ness Avenue at the intersection with Sacramento Street. The Cruise AV entered the intersection on a green light and continued straight through the intersection before braking and coming to a complete stop near the end of the intersection. At the same time, a Toyota Sedan on westbound Sacramento Street began was making an unprotected right turn on a red light onto northbound Van Ness Avenue behind the Cruise AV. Shortly thereafter, the Toyota Sedan rear-ended the Cruise AV and made contact with the Cruise AV's rear bumper, damaging the rear right bumper. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and a police report was later filed.
0 On April 11, 2022, while in supervised (“Drivered”) autonomous mode, a Pony.ai Autonomous Vehicle was parked in a parking lot when a passenger vehicle reversed into the Pony.ai vehicle. The Pony.ai vehicle sustained minor damage to the driver’s side rear door. There were no injuries or other property damage, the police were not called to the scene, and the Pony.ai vehicle was driven back to Pony.ai’s Fremont facility.
0 On April 13, 2022 at 2:53 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a pickup truck on Bayshore Boulevard at Jerrold Avenue. The Waymo AV was traveling in autonomous mode in the slip lane on northbound Jerrold Avenue at Bayshore Boulevard. As the Waymo AV slowed to yield to a pedestrian pushing a shopping cart in a crosswalk, the Waymo AV test driver transitioned to manual mode and stopped the Waymo AV. The Waymo AV test driver then proceeded forward but had to yield to approaching traffic in the merge between northbound Jerrold Avenue and northbound Bayshore Boulevard. As the Waymo AV came to a stop, a pickup truck traveling behind the Waymo AV then made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling in the rightmost lane on westbound Pine Street between Polk Street and Larkin Street. A white Lexus traveling in the middle lane of westbound Pine Street alongside the Cruise AV attempted to change into the rightmost lane in which the Cruise AV was traveling. Shortly thereafter, the white Lexus made contact with the left rear door of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s left rear door. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and a police report was later filed.
0 On April 18, 2022 at 8:14 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Bryant Street and 5th Street. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light facing northeast on Bryant Street in autonomous mode. While the light was still red, a passenger vehicle that had been stopped behind the Waymo AV began to move forward and made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 On April 18, 2022 at 2:31 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA made contact with a parking lot driveway on the 200 block of Duboce Avenue. The Waymo AV was traveling westbound on Duboce Avenue in autonomous mode when it approached a parking lot on the left side of the street. As the Waymo AV turned left and into the parking lot, the Waymo AV’s undercarriage made contact with the driveway pavement (the AV did not contact any vehicle or road user). At the time of the contact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor undercarriage damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Mission street toward the intersection with 29th Street. As it approached the intersection, the Cruise AV began to brake in response to a red light when a Honda Civic traveling behind the Cruise AV made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s rear fascia and rear right sensor. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and a police report was later filed.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was proceeding straight through the intersection of Mason St. and Ellis St. when it was rear-ended by a passenger vehicle that was switching lanes and made contact with the Zoox vehicle's sensors. The other party left the scene. The police were not called, and there were no injuries.
0 On April 24, 2022 at 4:36 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving an SUV on Lincoln Way at 17th Avenue. The Waymo AV was in autonomous mode and traveling on westbound Lincoln Way, when it slowed for the vehicle directly in front of the Waymo AV, which stopped shortly after passing 17th Avenue. Shortly after the Waymo AV came to a stop, the SUV behind the Waymo AV was rear-ended by a pickup truck, and the SUV then made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Steiner Street toward the intersection with Eddy Street. The Cruise AV began to brake for the stop sign on Steiner Street at the intersection with Eddy Street when a white BMW traveling behind the Cruise AV made contact with the rear driver side bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s rear fascia. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and a police report was later filed.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was stopped at a red light on westbound Sacramento Street at the intersection with Van Ness Avenue. The Cruise AV began to proceed straight after the light turned green. At the same time, a silver Hyundai Sedan was traveling the wrong way (eastbound) on a one-way section of Sacramento Street between Franklin Street and Van Ness Avenue. The silver Hyundai Sedan entered the intersection across from the Cruise AV, and the Cruise AV came to a full stop. The silver Hyundai Sedan continued traveling the wrong way through the intersection with Van Ness Avenue and, shortly thereafter, made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the front fascia assembly and various components on the front of the Cruise AV. The driver of the silver Hyundai Sedan left the scene without exchanging information. The Cruise AV was towed from the scene. There were no injuries and a police report was later filed.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode came to a complete stop at the T-junction stop sign at Colin P. Kelly Jr. St. and Brannan St. and yielded to oncoming traffic from the left. Due to traffic flow, the driver then disengaged autonomous mode and reversed, making contact with a vehicle that had approached from the rear and was attempting to pass the Zoox vehicle to make a right turn. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 On May 4, 2022 at 1:26 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at the northbound merge lane on the 100 block of Bayshore Boulevard. While attempting a merge onto northbound Bayshore Boulevard from southbound Bayshore Boulevard, the Waymo AV came to a stop to yield for approaching traffic on the right. While stopped, a vehicle approached from behind and made contact with the rear bumper of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
0 On May 11, 2022 at 9:19 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a SUV on 24th Street and Capp Street. The Waymo AV was attempting to make a right turn from 24th Street onto Capp Street while yielding to a pedestrian in the adjacent crosswalk in autonomous mode. A SUV approaching from behind the Waymo AV passed on the left side, making contact with the Waymo AV’s rear left sensor housing. The Waymo AV operator transitioned the system from autonomous to manual mode just before the moment of impact. The SUV immediately left the scene. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
1 Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on westbound Pine Street at the intersection with Franklin Street. A black BMW approaching from the rear made contact with the Cruise AV's rear bumper, damaging the Cruise AV's rear bumper. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. The two Cruise AV operators in the Cruise AV later reported back injuries. Police were not called.
0 On May 17, 2022, a passenger vehicle reversed out of a parking spot into a Pony.ai autonomous testing vehicle’s rear bumper. At the time of the collision, the Pony.ai vehicle was operating in autonomous mode with a safety operator in the driver’s seat and was moving at a low speed. The Pony.ai vehicle did not sustain any damage. There were no injuries or property damage, the police were not called to the scene, and a Pony.ai employee drove the Pony.ai vehicle back to Pony.ai’s Irvine facility.
0 On May 17, 2022 at 1:26 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger car on Stanyan Street at McAllister Street. The Waymo AV was proceeding south on Stanyan Street in autonomous mode, and preparing to make a left turn onto McAllister Street. As the Waymo AV entered the intersection, it slowed to yield to northbound traffic on Stanyan Street. A passenger car approached from behind and made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
0 from the truck resulted in two minor scratches and two indentations on the rear bumper of the subject Mercedes-Benz. The driver of the truck did not pull over after the collision and departed the scene. After a police report was initiated, the subject Mercedes-Benz drove away from the incident location. Further inspection of the vehicle revealed no additional damage beyond the cosmetic dents and surface scratches on the Mercedes-Benz.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was stopped on Folsom Street facing Essex Street, when a passenger vehicle from behind made contact with its rear sensors at low speed. The police were not called and there were no injuries.
0 022 at 1:16AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a motorcycle on Bush Street at Stockton Street. While the Waymo AV was stopped at a red light on eastbound Bush in the rightmost lane, a motorcycle approached the Waymo AV from behind and the front of the motorcycle made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
1 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was stopped at a red traffic signal at the intersection of Harrison and 11th Streets in San Francisco with its left turn signal engaged. After the traffic signal changed to green and while waiting for an opening to turn left onto Harrison Street, the Zoox vehicle was struck by a passenger vehicle from behind. The driver of that passenger vehicle stated that he was using his phone and not paying attention. No police or emergency services were called to the scene. The Zoox driver, front passenger, and rear passenger reported minor injuries for which they later sought medical attention. The Zoox vehicle incurred minor damage to its rear sensors.
1 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was proceeding westbound with the right of way on a green traffic light at the six way intersection of Pacific Ave., Keary St., and Columbus Ave., when a person operating an electric scooter ran a red light and proceeded northbound into the intersection. The scooter made contact with the left rear quarter panel of the Zoox vehicle, at which time the Zoox vehicle had disengaged from autonomous mode. The Zoox vehicle pulled over, and police and emergency services arrived at the scene. Zoox is submitting this updated report to correct a previous reporting error in the injury field and to update for additional information received in August 2022. This update provides complete information for this incident.
0 On June 1, 2022 at 7:26 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving an SUV on McAllister Street at Franklin Street. While the Waymo AV was stopped at a red light on eastbound McAllister Street, an SUV that had previously been stopped behind the Waymo AV rolled forward and made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
1 was driving Westbound on Hayes Street between Lyon Street and Baker Street when a pedestrian ran in front of the AV. The Cruise AV stopped for the pedestrian and, moments later, the pedestrian began yelling and approaching the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV operator disengaged the Cruise AV from autonomous mode to leave the scene. The Cruise AV operator drove the vehicle forward and maneuvered away from the pedestrian, but the pedestrian continued to approach the Cruise AV and jumped onto the hood of the Cruise AV. The pedestrian fell in front of the Cruise AV and remained there until later fleeing the scene. The injury status of the pedestrian is unknown and a police report was filed.
1 as traveling eastbound on Geary Boulevard toward the intersection with Spruce Street. As it approached the intersection, the Cruise AV entered the left hand turn lane, turned the left turn signal on, and initiated a left turn on a green light onto Spruce Street. At the same time, a Toyota Prius traveling westbound in the rightmost bus and turn lane of Geary Boulevard approached the intersection in the right turn lane. The Toyota Prius was traveling approximately 40 mph in a 25 mph speed zone. The Cruise AV came to a stop before fully completing its turn onto Spruce Street due to the oncoming Toyota Prius, and the Toyota Prius entered the intersection traveling straight from the turn lane instead of turning. Shortly thereafter, the Toyota Prius made contact with the rear passenger side of the Cruise AV. The impact caused damage to the right rear door, panel, and wheel of the Cruise AV. Police and Emergency Medical Services were called to the scene, and a police report was filed. The Cruise AV was towed from the scene. Occupants of both vehicles received medical treatment for allegedly minor injuries.
0 On June 5, 2022 at 10:07 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Bush Street and Gough Street. The Waymo AV was stopped in autonomous mode behind stopped traffic facing east on Bush Street. The passenger vehicle ahead of the Waymo AV transitioned into reverse and began to accelerate, making contact with the front sensor of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
0 ng space on Halsey Ave. between S. Norfolk St. and Eisenhower St. in San Mateo, CA, with a second vehicle stopped in the lane with its right turn indicator on, when a third vehicle overtook the second vehicle and cut in abruptly from the left, making contact with the front left side and sensors of the Zoox vehicle as it was exiting the space. The Zoox operator disengaged to manual mode just before the contact.
0 On June 14th, a test vehicle was operating in autonomous mode when the safety driver took manual control immediately before a white Mazda3 made contact with the rear of the test vehicle and caused damage to a sensor. This occurred as the test vehicle was making a right turn from Moorpark Way to East Evelyn Avenue in Mountain View. The test vehicle operators believed they had run over road debris and did not discover the crash or damage until after returning to base, so the two vehicles did not exchange information. No injuries were reported, and law enforcement was not called to the scene.
0 On June 21, 2022 at 12:21 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") operating in San Francisco, CA made contact with a parking lot driveway on the 900 block of Brannan Street. The Waymo AV approached a parking lot. As the Waymo AV turned left and into the parking lot, the Waymo AV's undercarriage made contact with the driveway pavement (the AV did not contact any vehicle or road user). At the time of the contact, the Waymo AV's Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver's seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor undercarriage damage.
0 operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Clement Street between 10th Avenue and 9th Avenue. Following the intersection of 10th Avenue mid-block, while engaged in autonomous mode, a vehicle in an angled parking space on the right backed out into the same lane as the oncoming Cruise AV. The AV operator disengaged from autonomous into manual mode, and pulled to the left to avoid the vehicle backing up. At this time, contact by a cyclist was made at the rear driver side bumper of the Cruise AV. There were no reported injuries or damages at the scene by either party and police were not called. The following day on June 30, 2022, the cyclist claimed damages and injuries related to the event.
0 M PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a van in a parking lot near Bayshore Boulevard at Flower Street. The Waymo AV came to a stop while yielding for an oncoming van in a narrow passageway in a parking lot. While attempting to pass the Waymo AV, the van made contact with the sensor housing on the left rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was stationary and engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
1 uly 2, 2022 at 6:54 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger car on the Embarcadero at Broadway. The Waymo AV was stopped in the dedicated left turn lane facing north on the Embarcadero, awaiting a green signal for a protected left turn onto Broadway. The signal for traffic proceeding north on the Embarcadero turned green, and traffic in adjacent lanes began moving. The left turn arrow signal for the dedicated turn lane occupied by the Waymo AV remained red. The passenger car that had been stopped directly behind the Waymo AV began moving forward. The front of the passenger car made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV, immediately after which the passenger car left the scene. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage and the Waymo AV test driver reported lower back pain.
0 On July 5, 2022 at 3:26 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on 17th Street at Wisconsin Street. The Waymo AV was traveling westbound on 17th Street when it detected a siren from a nearby emergency vehicle. As the Waymo AV slowed, a passenger vehicle made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling southbound in the right lane of traffic on Mission Street between Randall Street and Appleton Avenue. The Cruise AV stopped behind and to the left of a Hyundai Elantra that was stopped beside the right curb of Mission Street. The driver was standing beside the Hyundai Elantra with the driver door open into the lane of traffic. The Hyundai Elantra then rolled backwards at an angle and, shortly thereafter, made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the front passenger door, rear passenger quarter panel, rear passenger bumper, and rear passenger wheel of the Cruise AV. The driver of the Hyundai Elantra left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and a police report was later filed.
0 mous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a stop sign on westbound Parnassus Avenue at the intersection with 4th Avenue. After the Cruise AV began to proceed straight through the intersection, a Toyota FJ Cruiser traveling southbound on 4th Avenue approached a stop sign in its direction of travel at the intersection with Parnassus Avenue. The Toyota FJ Cruiser did not stop for its stop sign and, shortly thereafter, the Toyota FJ Cruiser entered the intersection and made contact with the Cruise AV as the Cruise AV was passing through the intersection, damaging the rear passenger quarter panel of the Cruise AV. The driver of the Toyota FJ Cruiser left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and a police report was later filed.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on 16th Avenue between Lomita Avenue and Lawton Street. At the same time, a red Honda Sedan traveling behind the Cruise AV maneuvered into the oncoming lane and increased speed as it attempted to pass the Cruise AV to the left. Shortly thereafter, contact was made with the Cruise AV's front driver side mirror, damaging the front driver side mirror of the Cruise AV. The driver of the red Honda Sedan left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and a police report was later filed.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomy was proceeding straight on Harrison St. in San Francisco, Ca, when a passenger vehicle turning left from 14th St. on to Harrison St. struck the rear of the Zoox vehicle damaging the sensors. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 On July 24, 2022 at 11:16 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a van on Connecticut Street north of 25th Street. While proceeding northwest on Connecticut Street in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV came to a stop behind a stalled bus blocking the roadway. The driver transitioned the system to manual mode and began to reverse out of the narrow road. While reversing, a van approached from behind and the Waymo AV made contact with the front left fender of the van. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on The Embarcadero Street between Don Chee Way and Mission Street. At the same time, a Honda Accord began to merge into the Cruise AV's lane behind the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV braked and, shortly thereafter, the Honda Accord made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the rear driver side bumper of the Cruise AV. The parties exchanged information and there were no reported injuries.
0 On August 10, 2022 at 5:05 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving an SUV on Clayton Street at Market Street. While approaching a merge onto southbound Market Street from southbound Clayton Street, the Waymo AV came to a stop to yield for approaching traffic on the left. While the Waymo AV was stopped, an SUV approached from behind and made contact with the rear bumper of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged. Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
0 On August 13, 2022 at 03:09 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving an SUV on 14th Street at Noe Street. The Waymo AV was traveling eastbound on 14th Street in autonomous mode when it slowed for a stop sign on Noe Street. As the Waymo AV slowed to almost a complete stop, an SUV made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. Both vehicles sustained damage. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position).
0 ugust 14th, 2022 at 6:08 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger car on 14th Street at Market Street. The Waymo AV was stopped in traffic in the left-hand lane of 14th Street, facing East. The passenger car that had been stopped behind the Waymo AV began moving forward. The front of the passenger car made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. When the light turned green and traffic began moving, the passenger car left the scene. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position).
0 August 16th, 2022 at 9:12 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Broadway at Sansome Street. The Waymo AV was stopped behind a bus in the right lane, facing East on Broadway. The passenger car that had been stopped behind the Waymo AV began moving forward. The front of the passenger car made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode.
0 22 at 3:52 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a SUV on Martin Luther King Jr. Drive at 25th Avenue. The Waymo AV was traveling West on Martin Luther King Jr. Drive and stopped at the stop sign at the intersection with 25th Avenue. As the Waymo AV slowed to a stop, a SUV traveling in the opposite lane, East on Martin Luther King Jr. Drive, crossed the intersection with 25th Avenue and came to a stop in the opposite lane, next to the Waymo AV. After stopping, the SUV began moving again and the front left corner of the SUV made contact with the left side of the Waymo AV. The SUV then left the scene. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position).
1 mous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on eastbound Martin Luther King Jr. Drive at the intersection with Crossover Drive. A white Honda SUV approaching from the rear in the lane to the left of the Cruise AV changed into the Cruise AV’s lane, came to a complete stop behind the Cruise AV, and then proceeded forward to make contact with the rear driver side bumper of the Cruise AV. The white Honda SUV reversed backwards several feet, proceeded forward, came to a complete stop, and then proceeded forward to make contact with the Cruise AV again. This caused damage to the Cruise AV’s rear driver side fascia. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. Both Cruise AV operators reported injuries.
0 On August 25, 2022 at 6:05 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a van on 15th Street at Albion Street. The Waymo AV was traveling west on 15th street and came to a stop behind a double-parked vehicle in the right lane. Shortly after coming to a stop, a van approached from behind and made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. The van then changed lanes and left the scene. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained moderate damage.
1 e. in Menlo Park, CA and was preparing to make an immediate, unprotected left turn onto Sharon Road. The Zoox vehicle was slowing and moving at approximately 2 mph with its brake lamps and left turn indicator illuminated, yielding to an oncoming vehicle with the right of way. A following vehicle - traveling at approximately 24 mph - then struck the Zoox vehicle's right rear bumper, and that vehicle's driver airbag appeared to have deployed on impact. The Zoox operator disengaged autonomy, proceeded with the left turn, and pulled over. The following vehicle continued its path of travel, veered out of the lane, and collided with a tree on the left side of the road. The Menlo Park Police Department was called to the scene. Two Zoox operators sustained minor injuries and it is unknown if the driver of the other vehicle sustained injuries.
0 oceeding straight on Kearney Street in San Francisco, CA, in stop-and-go traffic. The Zoox vehicle came to a stop for a vehicle ahead when Vehicle Two made light contact with the Zoox vehicle's rear bumper from behind. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
1 eling westbound on Pine Street between Powell Street and Stockton Street. At the same time, a motorcyclist approaching from the rear began to merge into the Cruise AV's lane behind the Cruise AV, and subsequently made contact with the Cruise AV's rear passenger side bumper, damaging the motorcycle's front fender. The driver of the motorcycle reported minor injuries and police were not called.
0 t turn from Treat Ave. to Alameda St. in San Francisco, CA with its turn indicator and brake lights illuminated, when a following bicyclist struck the rear right corner of the Zoox vehicle. The Zoox vehicle camera bracket was damaged. Police were not called and no injuries were reported.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Sacramento Street between Van Ness Avenue and Polk Street. The Cruise AV approached a semi-trailer truck that was stopped in the left lane of traffic. The Cruise AV stopped before maneuvering into the bus and taxi lane to pass the semi-trailer truck. As the Cruise AV was slowly maneuvering around the semi-trailer truck and merging back into the left lane of traffic, a Honda Accord traveling behind the Cruise AV attempted to pass the Cruise AV and made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the rear passenger side bumper of the Cruise AV. The driver of the Honda Accord left the scene without exchanging information. There were no reported injuries.
0 ) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a pickup truck in a parking lot at 2121 Evans Avenue. The Waymo AV came to a stop in the parking lot while yielding to both pedestrians and an oncoming pickup truck. While the Waymo AV was stopped, the oncoming pickup truck passed the Waymo AV on the left hand side, making contact with the rear left sensor of the Waymo AV. The pickup truck then left the scene. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was stationary and engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 On September 15, 2022 at 9:42 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger car on California Street at 19th Avenue. The Waymo AV stopped at a stop sign facing east on California Street at 19th Avenue. A passenger car approaching from behind made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 On September 17, 2022 at 6:38 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving an SUV on Potrero Avenue and 24th Street. While traveling northbound on Potrero Avenue, the Waymo AV changed lanes from the center lane to the right lane before slowing to a stop at a red light at 24th Street. While the Waymo AV was making the lane change, the vehicle immediately behind the Waymo AV in the right lane moved to the center lane and made contact with the right rear sensor of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The SUV sustained damage.
0 y a cyclist while traveling east on Park Ave and approaching Cambridge Ave. The Argo AV was traveling in its lane adjacent to a cyclist who was traveling in a marked bike lane. As the Argo AV was passing the cyclist (while maintaining more than 2 meters of lateral margin), the cyclist veered left into the Argo AV's lane. In response, the Argo AV steered away from the cyclist, but the cyclist continued into the lane and the bicycle's left handlebar made contact with the Argo AV's passenger side door handle. The Test Specialist brought the AV to a stop. The cyclist maintained balance, continued to cross the lanes behind the stopped Argo AV, and left the scene after a brief conversation with the left seat Test Specialist, during which the cyclist indicated that he was fine and apologized. The Argo AV sustained minor damage to its passenger side door handle.
0 A Zoox vehicle was in autonomy proceeding straight on Pine Street in San Francisco, CA when it encountered a double parked United States Postal Service van in lane (vehicle 2: model, year, VIN and insurance are unknown). The Zoox vehicle came to a complete stop while waiting for an opportunity to merge around vehicle 2. Vehicle 2 then rolled backwards into the Zoox vehicle, causing minor damage to front sensors and Vehicle 2 rear bumper. There were no injuries and first responders were not notified. Post incident review did not observe any brake lights or reverse lights on vehicle 2 while it was rolling backwards.
0 A Zoox vehicle was proceeding straight in autonomy through an intersection with a green light and right of way when vehicle 2 attempted an illegal left turn across lanes of traffic into Zoox’s right of way. The safety driver disengaged and applied max braking effort which allowed Zoox to mitigate but not completely prevent the unavoidable collision. The Zoox vehicle struck the right front corner of vehicle 2. No injuries were reported and the police were not called to the scene.
0 On October 21, 2022 at 8:27 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California made contact with the pavement on a steep hill on Filbert Street at Kearny Street. The Waymo AV was on a steep hill, turning from Filbert Street onto Kearny Street, when the Waymo AV's undercarriage made contact with the pavement (the AV did not contact any vehicle or road user). At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 On November 8, 2022 at 9:34 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger car on 2nd Street at Minna Street. The Waymo AV was stopped in traffic on northbound 2nd Street in autonomous mode. A passenger car that had been stopped behind the Waymo AV passed on the left side, crossing the double yellow line and making contact with the Waymo AV’s rear left sensor housing. The passenger car immediately left the scene. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomy was proceeding straight on Folsom Street when a leading vehicle in the lane began to slow down prompting the Zoox vehicle to slow correspondingly. The Zoox vehicle, with brake lights illuminated, had slowed to 5 mph when it was struck from the rear by vehicle number 2. Zoox vehicle camera footage shows the driver of vehicle 2 holding their cellphone raised in their right hand. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomy was stopped at a red light waiting for traffic ahead on Embarcadero with brake lights illuminated. When the traffic light changed to green, surrounding traffic began to move. The Zoox vehicle appropriately continued to wait for a stopped lead vehicle immediately ahead when vehicle 2 struck the Zoox vehicle from the rear. Zoox vehicle camera footage shows the driver of vehicle 2 holding their cellphone raised in their hand at the time of contact. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomy was fully stopped with brake lights illuminated in the left turn lane at a red traffic light waiting to complete a left hand turn from Harrison St. onto 11th St in San Francisco, Ca. As the light turned green, the Zoox vehicle appropriately yielded to oncoming traffic when Vehicle 2 attempted to make a lane change to the right and struck the rear of the Zoox vehicle. The Zoox vehicle incurred minor damage to the rear sensors and bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 On December 12, 2022 at 4:54 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving an SUV on Monterey Boulevard at Circular Avenue. The Waymo AV was stopped facing east on Monterey Boulevard behind stopped traffic in the left-most through lane in autonomous mode. An SUV approached from behind and attempted to change lanes into the left turn lane, making contact with the left rear sensor of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained damage.
0 On December 13, 2022 at 12:35 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on 19th Avenue at Ulloa Street. The Waymo AV was stopped facing south on 19th Avenue for a red light in the right lane of the three-lane street while in autonomous mode. A passenger vehicle approached from behind and made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo sustained damage.
0 On December 17, 2022 at 1:50 PM PST, a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger car on Embarcadero near the intersection with Folsom Street. The Waymo AV was traveling southbound on Embarcadero in autonomous mode when it slowed and stopped for a parallel parking vehicle ahead. A passenger car following the Waymo AV made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of impact, the Waymo AV's Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode with a test driver present (in the driver's seating position). Both vehicles sustained damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling westbound in the left lane on Sacramento Street between Polk Street and Van Ness Avenue. At the same time, a Honda Accord traveling in the right lane behind the Cruise AV increased speed and maneuvered across the AV's lane into the parking lane to the left of the Cruise AV in an attempt to pass the Cruise AV. The Honda Accord then began to merge back into the Cruise AV's lane. The Cruise AV braked, but shortly thereafter, contact was made with the Cruise AV's front left quarter panel and front driver side mirror, damaging the front driver side mirror of the Cruise AV. The driver of the Honda Accord left the scene without exchanging information. There were no reported injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling southbound in the right lane on Divisadero Street between Fulton Street and McAllister Street. The Cruise AV approached an eighteen-wheeler that was stopped in the right lane of southbound Divisadero Street. The Cruise AV began to navigate around the eighteen-wheeler and stopped briefly as it was completing its passing maneuver. Shortly thereafter, a Dodge Charger approached the stopped Cruise AV in the left lane and attempted to pass the Cruise AV on the lefthand side. Contact was made with the Cruise AV, damaging the front left wheel, front left fender, front left bumper, and front driver side mirror of the Cruise AV. The driver of the Dodge Charger left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and the Cruise AV was towed from the incident.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Brannan Street between Ritch Street and 3rd Street. At the same time, a black BMW traveling eastbound on Brannan Street swerved into oncoming traffic and in front of the Cruise AV. The AV operator disengaged from autonomous into manual mode and braked to avoid the oncoming BMW, but shortly thereafter, contact was made with the Cruise AV's front right quarter panel, damaging the front passenger side of the Cruise AV. The BMW then struck a parked vehicle that was beside the Cruise AV. The driver of the BMW fled the scene on foot. There were no reported injuries.
0 On December 29, 2022 at 3:15 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on 3rd Street and Mariposa Street. The Waymo AV was stopped facing north on 3rd Street for a red light in the right lane of the three-lane street while in autonomous mode. A passenger vehicle approached from behind and stopped behind the Waymo AV before eventually proceeding forward and making contact with the rear of the Waymo AV while the AV was still stopped at the red light. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo sustained damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Folsom Street in the leftmost lane between 9th Street and 10th Street. At the same time, a Model 3 Tesla traveling in the adjacent center lane veered into the Cruise AV’s lane without a turn signal. Shortly thereafter, contact was made with the Cruise AV’s front passenger side quarter panel and mirror, damaging the front passenger side quarter panel, front passenger side mirror and front passenger side radar assembly. The parties exchanged information and there were no reported injuries.
0 The subject Mercedes-Benz DRIVE PILOT test vehicle was traveling between 15 – 20 mph in the #2 northbound lane on the 605 Freeway in California in stop and go traffi with the L3 ADS activated by the driver. The vehicle’s ADS determined that a truck traveling in the adjacent lane had a trajectory towards the Drive Pilot’s lane, and so the Mercedes-Benz test vehicle autonomously applied the brakes to avoid a collision. After applying the brakes and bringing itself to a standstill, the Mercedes-Benz was then struck in the rear bumper by a trailing semi-truck that did not stop in time. No injuries were reported, no airbags deployed in either vehicle, and both vehicles were able to be driven from the scene of the incident. The Mercedes-Benz vehicle experienced minor damage to the rear bumper, and no damage was observed on the semi-truck at the scene. The CA Traffic Collision Report for the subject incident noted a violation of California Vehicle Code 22350 (unsafe speed for traffic conditions) by the semi-truck in the #2 lane that struck the rear bumper of the Mercedes-Benz.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was making a right turn to travel southwest onto 2nd Street from Folsom Street from lane 1 when Vehicle 2 crossed from lane 3 into the Zoox vehicle's lane and made contact with the Zoox vehicle's front sensors before making the right turn.  Vehicle 2 did not stop before leaving the scene. No information was exchanged. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomy was stopped with brake lights illuminated in traffic southbound on Embarcadero Street towards Folsom Street. When traffic ahead began to move the Zoox vehicle was appropriately following the car ahead at low speed when it was rear ended by Vehicle #2 at low speed. The other party did not stop to exchange information and left the scene. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was slowing to a stop with brake lights illuminated behind traffic on northbound 5th Street near Jesse Street when a vehicle behind made contact at approximately 10mph. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 On February 15, 2023 at 5:43 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving road debris on North Point Street at Buchanan Street. The Waymo AV was proceeding East on North Point Street through the intersection with Buchanan Street when the front of the Waymo AV made contact with cardboard debris. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 On February 24, 2023 at 12:15 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Toland Street at Hudson Avenue. The Waymo AV was traveling southwest on Toland Street in autonomous mode. While the Waymo AV was making a left turn onto Hudson Avenue, a passenger vehicle proceeded into the intersection from the left and made contact with the left side of the Waymo AV. The other vehicle immediately left the scene. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. Both vehicles sustained damage.
0 On February 25th, 2023 at 7:23 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a heavy truck on 25th Street at Noe Street. The Waymo AV was proceeding East on 25th Street near the intersection with Noe Street when it came to a stop to yield to a heavy truck traveling West on 25th Street. As the heavy truck moved past the Waymo AV, the front left tire of the heavy truck made contact with the rear left sensor of the Waymo AV. The heavy truck then left the scene. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Bryant Street in the rightmost lane between 11th Street and 10th Street. As the Cruise AV proceeded straight into the intersection with 10th Street, a semi-trailer truck traveling in the lane to the left of the Cruise AV began to make a right turn onto 10th Street and crossed into the Cruise AV’s lane without a turn signal. The Cruise AV braked and the semi-trailer truck made contact with the left side of the Cruise AV, causing damage to the driver side front, rear, and bumper of the Cruise AV. The parties exchanged information and there were no injuries.
0 On March 1, 2023 at 8:27 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco was in a collision involving a fixed object on O’Farrell Street near Anzavista Avenue. As the Waymo AV was leaving a parking lot to turn left onto O’Farrell Street, the front of the Waymo AV made contact with a chain that was connected between a parking lot road sign and a temporary pole. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. The road sign fell down due to tension on the chain.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on northbound Polk Street at the intersection with Sutter Street. The Cruise AV began to proceed as the light turned green when an Infiniti Q50 passed the Cruise AV in the oncoming traffic lane and began performing “donuts” in the intersection. The Cruise AV began to initiate a left turn onto Sutter Street when the Infiniti Q50 made contact with the Cruise AV’s front driver side bumper, causing damage to the front driver side bumper, front driver side fascia and front driver side headlight. The driver of the Infiniti Q50 left the scene without exchanging information. There were no reported injuries and the Cruise AV was towed from the incident.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on 25th Avenue between Clement Street and Geary Boulevard. The Cruise AV entered the intersection with Geary Boulevard on a green light. As the Cruise AV was passing through the intersection, a Mercedes Sedan traveling eastbound on Geary Boulevard entered the intersection on a red light and shortly thereafter made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the front right quarter of the Cruise AV. The Mercedes Sedan then made contact with a nearby building, resulting in damage to the property. Police and Emergency Medical Services were called to the scene. The Cruise AV was towed from the scene. Occupants of the Mercedes Sedan received medical treatment at the scene and were not transported by Emergency Medical Services.
0 On March 12, 2023 at 9:28 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger car on Cesar Chavez Street at Mission Street. The Waymo AV was stopped in the dedicated left turn lane facing west on Cesar Chavez Street, awaiting a green signal to turn onto Mission Street. The signal for traffic proceeding west on Cesar Chavez Street turned green, and traffic in adjacent lanes began moving. The left turn arrow signal for the dedicated turn lane occupied by the Waymo AV remained red. The passenger car that had been stopped directly behind the Waymo AV began moving forward. The front of the passenger car made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The passenger car sustained minor damage.
0 On March 16, 2023 at 5:10 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger car on Bayshore Boulevard between Flower Street and Cortland Avenue. The Waymo AV was traveling north on Bayshore Boulevard in autonomous mode, merging into the rightmost lane. As the Waymo AV merged, the test driver transitioned from autonomous mode to manual mode and began accelerating. The front of the Waymo AV made contact with the rear of a passenger car that was stopped in the rightmost lane. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. Both the Waymo AV and the passenger car sustained damage.
0 On March 16, 2023 at 2:19 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Bruno, CA was in a collision involving road debris on Interstate 280 at the interchange ramp for Interstate 380 (Exit 43A). The Waymo AV was traveling south on Interstate 280 in the rightmost exit lane for Exit 43A towards Interstate 380 when it made contact with road debris (tire scrap). At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was (engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 On March 20, 2023 at approximately 8:04 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a pothole on Bayshore Boulevard near Jerrold Avenue. The Waymo AV was traveling in the second lane on a four-lane section of northbound Bayshore Boulevard when the passenger side rear tire made contact with a pothole. The tire began to deflate and the Waymo AV pulled over on a side street. At the time of impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode.
0 On March 20, 2023 at 10:43 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in Los Angeles, California was in a collision involving an SUV on Venice Boulevard at La Cienega. The Waymo AV was stopped in the center lane of a three-lane road behind a passenger vehicle for a red light facing southwest on Venice Boulevard at La Cienega in autonomous mode. The light turned green while cross-traffic remained backed up in the intersection. The Waymo AV nudged forward and slowed to a stop, yielding for the blocking cross traffic. A passenger vehicle that had been stopped behind the Waymo AV proceeded forward and made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Clay Street between Hyde Street and Leavenworth Street. Shortly before the intersection with Leavenworth Street, the Cruise AV made contact with a downed power cable on Clay Street and came to a stop. This caused damage to the Cruise AV’s front driver side radar assembly. There were no injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling on westbound Haight Street between Ashbury Street and Masonic Avenue. At the same time, a San Francisco Municipal Railway (“MUNI”) Bus stopped ahead of the Cruise AV. Shortly thereafter, the Cruise AV made contact with the rear bumper of the MUNI Bus, damaging the front fascia and front fender of the Cruise AV. The parties exchanged information. There were no reported injuries and the Cruise AV was towed from the scene.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Turk Boulevard between Roselyn Terrace and Kittredge Terrace. The Cruise AV came to a complete stop for a vehicle in the process of letting passengers out that was stopped in the Cruise AV’s lane of travel. A Smart Car traveling behind the Cruise AV came to a complete stop behind the Cruise AV. A Honda Accord trailing behind the Smart Car began to decelerate but made contact with the Smart Car, pushing the Smart Car forward into the Cruise AV’s rear bumper. The parties exchanged information. There were no damages to the Cruise AV and there were no reported injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Shafter Avenue between Ingalls Street and Hawes Street. Shortly after the intersection with Ingalls Street, the Cruise AV made contact with a tow dolly attached to the back of a double-parked truck, damaging the front passenger side bumper and front passenger side fender of the Cruise AV. There were no reported injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Polk Street near the intersection with Clay Street. Shortly after passing through the intersection with Clay Street, the Cruise AV made contact with a downed power cable stretching across Polk Street and came to a stop. This caused damage to the Cruise AV’s front fascia. There were no injuries. Cruise was informed by law enforcement to keep the Cruise AV stationary until the power cables were cleared. During the time that the power cable was being cleared and that the Cruise AV was stopped, the Cruise AV ran low on battery power and did not have enough power to return to Cruise facilities on its own. The Cruise AV was therefore towed from the scene once the power cables were cleared.
0 On April 3, 2023 at 10:56 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving an SUV on Jack London Alley at Varney Place. While traveling northwest on Jack London Alley, the Waymo AV came to a stop to yield to an oncoming SUV in a narrow passageway. The SUV proceeded around the Waymo AV and made contact with the left rear sensor housing of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The driver of the SUV stopped briefly but left before sharing their information. The Waymo sustained damage.
0 On April 5, 2023 at 10:46 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger car on Potrero Avenue at 21st Street. The Waymo AV was traveling southbound on Potrero Avenue in the leftmost lane as it was approaching the intersection with 21st Street. The signal for traffic proceeding south on Potrero Avenue was green for the Waymo AV as it approached the intersection. As the Waymo AV approached, an individual riding a motorized scooter traveling north on Potrero Avenue proceeded to turn left onto westbound 21st Street, across the paths of the Waymo AV and other oncoming vehicles. The Waymo AV began to brake, and the Waymo AV test driver transitioned to manual mode and brought the Waymo AV to a stop. A passenger car traveling directly behind the Waymo AV then made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. The individual riding the scooter was not contacted by the Waymo AV or any other vehicle. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. Both the Waymo AV and the passenger car sustained damage, and the individual on the motorized scooter left the scene.
0 On April 6, 2023 at 10:48 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a heavy truck on Randall Street near Harper Street. The Waymo AV was proceeding northwest on Randall Street near the intersection with Harper Street when it came to a stop to yield to a heavy truck traveling southeast on Randall Street. As the heavy truck drove past the Waymo AV, the driver’s side section of the heavy truck made contact with the rear driver’s side sensor of the Waymo AV. The heavy truck then left the scene. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomy was proceeding northbound on Kearny Street in stop-and-go traffic through an active construction zone. At the same time, an e-scooter traveling near the right curb was passing other slow traffic behind the Zoox vehicle. Before the e-scooter could also pass the Zoox vehicle on the right, the e-scooter weaved away from the curb, seemingly to avoid a drainage grate, and came within a close following distance behind the Zoox vehicle. As the Zoox vehicle came to a stop again for traffic ahead the e-scooter rider did not stop, and the e-scooter made contact with the right rear tail light of the Zoox vehicle. The e-scooter rider remained upright, did not stop to exchange information, and immediately rode off while the Zoox vehicle was still stopped. There were no injuries and police were not called. The damage to the Zoox vehicle was limited to a cracked tail light lens.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on 25th Avenue between Clement Street and Geary Boulevard. The Cruise AV entered the intersection with Geary Boulevard on a green light. As the Cruise AV was passing through the intersection, a black Volkswagen Hatchback traveling westbound on Geary Boulevard entered the intersection on a red light and shortly thereafter made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the driver side doors of the Cruise AV. The driver of the Volkswagen Hatchback left the scene without exchanging information. Police were called to the scene. There were no reported injuries and the Cruise AV was towed from the scene.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Turk Street Street between Webster Street and Laguna Street. The Cruise AV came to a complete stop for a double-parked Sedan in the leftmost lane. The Cruise AV began to maneuver around and to the right of the Sedan when the Sedan reversed into the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s front driver side bumper. The driver of the Sedan left the scene without exchanging information. There were no reported injuries.
0 On April 12, 2023 at 5:29 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in Santa Monica, California was in a collision involving an SUV on Wilshire Boulevard at 26th Street. The Waymo AV was traveling southwest on Wilshire Boulevard in the rightmost lane as it was approaching the intersection with 26th Street. The signal for traffic proceeding southwest on Wilshire Boulevard was red as the Waymo AV approached the intersection and came to a stop. The signal for traffic proceeding southwest on Wilshire Boulevard then turned green, and traffic in adjacent lanes began moving while the Waymo AV waited for traffic in its lane to begin to move. The SUV that had been stopped directly behind the Waymo AV began moving forward and the front of the SUV made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo sustained damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on 10th Street at the intersection with Division Street. The Cruise AV began to make a right turn onto Division Street after the light turned green before yielding to a pedestrian in the crosswalk. Shortly thereafter, a silver Infiniti Sedan traveling behind the Cruise AV made contact with the Cruise AV’s rear bumper, causing damage to the Cruise AV’s rear fascia. The driver of the Infiniti Sedan left the scene without exchanging information. There were no reported injuries.
0 On Monday May 1st at 11:41am a Weride autonomous vehicle (Vehicle 1) was in Autonomous Mode stopped at the intersection of Bay St towards Columbus Ave appropriately yielding to a illegally U turning skateboard on Bay St North to South direction in front of the AV (Vehicle 1). While yielding, a bicyclist was coming from behind our AV (Vehicle 1) head was turned left possibly looking for cross traffic. When the cyclist turned his head forward, it was too late to react in time to our stopped vehicle(Vehicle 1) with the given distance and speed they were traveling at in which the cyclist collided with our vehicle (Vehicle 1). Our Weride safety officer immediately disengaged and hand signaled to the bicyclist to pull over to the closest safe place to park as to not obstruct traffic. As our safety officer parked and got out of the car to check on the bicyclist, the bicyclist was already on in motion on his bicycle and "fist bumped" our safety officer while passing by him and leaving the scene without exchanging any information.
0 The Waymo AV was traveling east on 25th Street between Sanchez Street and Vicksburg Street when it approached an SUV that was stopped in the lane in front of the Waymo AV. The Waymo AV began passing the stopped SUV on the left when the SUV began reversing in the lane. The Waymo AV then stopped behind and to the left of the SUV, and the SUV continued reversing and began a turning maneuver to enter a parking space. The left side of the SUV made contact with the front right corner of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV was stopped and the AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. Both vehicles sustained damage.
0 On April 30, 2023 at 1:53 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving an SUV on Oak Street at Octavia Boulevard. While the Waymo AV was parked at the right side curb of the road on Oak Street, an SUV that was passing the parked Waymo AV in the rightmost lane made contact with the rear driver’s side of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. The Waymo AV did not sustain damage, while the SUV sustained damage.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on 36th Avenue at the intersection with Lincoln Way. The Cruise AV began to make a left turn onto Lincoln Way after the light turned green. While the Cruise AV was in the intersection completing the turn, the Cruise AV operator disengaged from autonomous into manual mode. After the disengagement, the Cruise AV operator continued straight forward, and shortly thereafter, made contact with the right curb and concrete guardrail on Lincoln Way. This caused damage to the Cruise AV’s front passenger side bumper and front passenger side fascia. The Cruise AV operator reported injuries and the Cruise AV was towed from the incident.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Franklin Street between Clay Street and Sacramento Street. As the Cruise AV passed through the intersection with Sacramento Street, a scooterist approaching from the rear merged into the Cruise AV's lane behind the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV began to brake, and the scooterist made contact with the rear window and rear bumper of the Cruise AV. This caused damage to the rear window, rear bumper and driver side rear headlight of the Cruise AV. The parties exchanged information. There were no injuries reported at the scene and police were not called. The scooterist later reported injuries.
0 On May 3, 2023 at 10:32 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving an SUV on Pine Street near Broderick Street. The Waymo AV was traveling in autonomous mode in the middle lane on westbound Pine Street between Divisadero Street and Broderick Street. A slower traveling van in the left adjacent lane began to initiate a right lane change in front of the Waymo AV, and the Waymo AV test driver transitioned to manual mode and braked. The SUV traveling behind the Waymo AV then made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. The Waymo AV and SUV sustained damage.
0 On May 6, 2023 at 8:48 PM PT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Post Street at Webster Street. While traveling west on Post Street, the Waymo AV was executing a pullover manuever in autonomous mode and made contact with the left rear bumper of a parked vehicle. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. Both vehicles sustained damage.
0 On May 7, 2023 at 3:27 PM PDT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a cyclist on Bay Street near Mason Street. The Waymo AV was traveling westbound in the left lane on Bay Street and had just passed Mason Street when it detected an oncoming pickup truck traveling eastbound in the Waymo AV’s lane. The Waymo AV stopped and the pickup truck re-entered the correct lane for eastbound traffic and passed the Waymo AV. The pickup truck was immediately followed by a large group of cyclists traveling eastbound in multiple lanes of the roadway, including the right lanes and on the wrong side of the double-yellow centerline. The Waymo AV remained stopped as the oncoming cyclists rode around both sides of the Waymo AV. One cyclist then made contact with the front of the stationary Waymo AV, and then immediately left the scene. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. The Waymo AV sustained damage.
1 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was traveling north on Harrison St. The Zoox vehicle began coming to a gradual stop for traffic ahead when it was rear ended by vehicle 2 at low speed. There was minor damage and police were not called. The Zoox operator reported a "sore neck and back."
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Folsom Street between 8th Street and Langton Street. As the Cruise AV approached the intersection with Langton Street, the Cruise AV traveled over a pothole, which blew out the front driver side tire and caused the Cruise AV to veer into the adjacent parking lane. Shortly thereafter, the Cruise AV made contact with a parked Subaru Impreza, causing damage to the Cruise AV’s front passenger side quarter panel, front passenger side fascia, front driver side tire and rear passenger side quarter panel. Police and Emergency Medical Services were called and the Cruise AV was towed from the scene. The passenger of the Cruise AV was assessed by medical personnel at the scene but was not transported by Emergency Medical Services.
0 On May 21, 2023 at 10:56 AM PT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a small dog on Toland Street at Toland Place. The Waymo AV was traveling southwest on Toland Street when a small dog ran into the street in front of the Waymo AV. The Waymo AV then made contact with the dog, which did not survive. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 On June 5, 2023, while in supervised (“Drivered”) autonomous mode, a Pony.ai AV was rear-ended twice by a passenger vehicle at the intersection of Warren Ave and Kato Road in Fremont, CA. The Pony.ai AV was stopped at a red stop light when the passenger vehicle directly behind the Pony.ai AV proceeded to rear-end the Pony.ai AV two times in quick succession. The Pony.ai safety operator disengaged the Pony.ai AV from autonomous mode, and, concerned for his own safety, immediately drove the vehicle back to the Pony.ai Fremont office (a distance of approximately 1 mile). The passenger vehicle which had rear-ended the Pony.ai AV followed the Pony.ai AV back to Pony.ai’s Fremont office. After a brief interaction during which the driver of the passenger vehicle threatened Pony.ai employees, the passenger vehicle and driver drove away. The Fremont police took a report about the incident. There were no injuries reported.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Revere Avenue between Industrial Street and Selby Street. The Cruise AV came to a stop behind a GMC Yukon that was stopped diagonally in the Cruise AV’s lane of travel. After the Cruise AV came to a complete stop, the GMC Yukon began reversing further into the Cruise AV’s lane and made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the front bumper fascia of the Cruise AV. The parties exchanged information and there were no reported injuries.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Harrison St. between 18th Street and 19th Street. As the Cruise AV was coming to a stop for a stop sign at the intersection with 18th Street, a van approaching from the rear failed to stop behind the Cruise AV and made contact with the Cruise AV's rear bumper, damaging the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. Police and Emergency Medical Services were called and the Cruise AV was towed from the scene. The driver of the van was transported by Emergency Medical Services for further evaluation.
0 On June 11, 2023 at 3:44 PM PT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger car on Santiago Street near 42nd Avenue. The Waymo AV was parallel parked along the curb on eastbound Santiago Street when a passenger car pulled up behind the Waymo AV. The front of the passenger car made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound on Sacramento Street between Lyon Street and Baker Street. The Cruise AV approached a motorized articulating boom lift (“ABL”), which was stopped in the Cruise AV’s lane of travel. As the Cruise AV began to maneuver around and to the left of the ABL, the Cruise AV made contact with the arm of the ABL, which was elevated above the roadway. This caused damage to the Cruise AV’s roof Lidar assembly. There were no reported injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on 19th Street between Capp Street and Mission Street. The Cruise AV slowed to a stop due to a pedestrian on a scooter who entered the lane of traffic in front of the AV and started proceeding in circles. Shortly thereafter, the pedestrian approached the stopped Cruise AV, placed the scooter on the ground in front of the Cruise AV’s front passenger side tire, and walked away off the roadway. After the pedestrian left, the Cruise AV attempted to proceed forward and made contact with the abandoned scooter. There were no damages to the Cruise AV and there were no reported injuries.
0 On June 18, 2023 at 5:06 PM PT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Market Street and Diamond Street.The Waymo AV was stopped for a red light on Market Street at Diamond Street with its turn signal activated to indicate intent to turn left onto Diamond Street. The traffic light turned green, and the Waymo AV slowly moved forward, yielding to oncoming traffic, when the vehicle that had been previously stopped behind the Waymo AV proceeded forward, making contact with the rear bumper of the Waymo AV. The other party immediately left the scene of the event. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. Both vehicles sustained damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on 19th Street between Capp Street and Mission Street. The Cruise AV slowed to a stop due to a pedestrian on a scooter who entered the lane of traffic in front of the AV and started proceeding in circles. Shortly thereafter, the pedestrian approached the stopped Cruise AV, placed the scooter on the ground in front of the Cruise AV’s front passenger side tire, and walked away off the roadway. After the pedestrian left, the Cruise AV attempted to proceed forward and made contact with the abandoned scooter. There were no damages to the Cruise AV and there were no reported injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Tennessee Street between Mariposa Street and 18th Street when it approached a Lexus Sedan that was stopped in the middle of the road between the Cruise AV’s lane of travel and opposite lane of travel. As the Cruise AV passed the stopped Lexus Sedan on the right, the passenger of the Lexus Sedan opened their front passenger side door, making contact with the Cruise AV’s lower front driver side bumper fascia. This caused damage to the Cruise AV’s lower front driver side bumper fascia and front driver side wheel opening molding. The driver of the Lexus Sedan left the scene without exchanging information. There were no reported injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Selby Street between Palou Avenue and Oakdale Avenue. The Cruise AV came to a stop behind a semi-trailer truck that was slowly reversing diagonally onto Selby Street from the intersection with Palou Avenue. As the semi-trailer truck began encroaching into the Cruise AV’s lane of travel, the Cruise AV operator disengaged from autonomous into manual mode and began reversing the Cruise AV, causing the Cruise AV to back into a different semi-trailer truck parked behind the Cruise AV. This caused damage to the Cruise AV’s rear passenger side wheel molding. The Cruise AV operator left information for the other party and there were no reported injuries.
0 On June 28, 2023 at 9:19 PM PT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a pickup truck on Great Highway near Kirkham Street. The Waymo AV was parallel parked along the curb on southbound Great Highway when a pickup truck that was initially parked directly behind the Waymo AV began to maneuver out of its parking spot. As the pickup truck pulled out of the parking spot, it initiated a multi-turn maneuver and reversed into the parked Waymo AV. The rear passenger's side corner of the pickup truck made contact with the driver side rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. The Waymo AV sustained damage.
1 On June 29, 2023 at 11:18 PM PT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in Los Angeles, California was in a collision involving a pick-up truck on 4th Street at S. June Street. The Waymo AV was traveling eastbound on 4th Street and stopped at a stop sign at the intersection of S. June Street when a pick-up truck approached the Waymo AV from behind and made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. The Waymo AV test driver took manual control of the Waymo AV to pull over, and the pick-up truck made further contact the Waymo AV. At the time of the initial impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained damage.
0 On June 29, 2023 at 7:50 AM PT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a pickup truck on Jersey Street at Church Street. The Waymo AV was traveling eastbound on Jersey Street and stopped at a stop sign at the intersection of Church Street. While yielding to pedestrians crossing the street, a pickup truck traveling directly behind the Waymo AV made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode. The Waymo AV sustained damage.
