0 This statement is amended from the original filed on 1/10/2018 to correct the phrase "sustained some damage to its right rear light" by replacing the phrase with "sustained some damage to its left rear light". A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was involved in a collision while making a right hand turn from northbound Valencia Street onto 16th Street. The Cruise AV was stopped at a green light in between crosswalks of Valencia Street and 16th Street, waiting for pedestrians to cross over 16th Street. A different pedestrian from the southwest corner of Valencia and 16th ran across Valencia Street, against the "do not walk" symbol, shouting, and struck the left side of the Cruise AV's rear bumper and hatch with his entire body. There were no injuries but the Cruise AV sustained some damage to its left rear light. The police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling westbound on Fell Street between Webster and Fillmore Streets when the Cruise AV began to yield to traffic in the left adjacent lane. The driver of the Cruise disengaged from autonomous mode, and shortly thereafter, another vehicle changing into the same lane made contact with the right rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s rear hatch and window and right rear body and fascia. There were no injuries and police were not called. 
0 On January 20, 2022 at 2:24 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Polk Street at Sacramento Street. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light facing north on Polk Street in autonomous mode at the Sacramento Street intersection. The light turned green and the Waymo AV proceeded partially into the intersection, yielding to pedestrians in the left crosswalk while preparing to make a left turn. A passenger vehicle parked behind the Waymo AV on the right shoulder of Sacramento street pulled out of the shoulder and made contact with the right side of the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on Point Lobos Avenue between 48th Avenue and Balboa Street. The Cruise AV was traveling downhill when a cyclist approached the Cruise AV from behind. The Cruise AV began to brake, and shortly thereafter, the cyclist made contact with the rear window of the Cruise AV. The cyclist fell to the ground and sustained injuries. Police and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) were called. The cyclist was transferred from the scene via EMS. The impact caused damage to the rear passenger side of the bumper, rear hatch, and rear window of the Cruise AV.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was traveling eastbound in the rightmost lane on 16th Street between Mission Street and Wiese Street. Ahead of the Cruise AV, a delivery truck was double-parked in the rightmost lane of eastbound 16th Street. The Cruise AV began to maneuver around the double-parked vehicle by changing lanes. At the same time, a 2010 Honda Civic traveling behind the Cruise AV in the rightmost lane also began to maneuver and increase speed into the leftmost lane. Shortly thereafter, contact was made with the Cruise AV's side door, damaging the front driver side door and radar assembly. There were no reported injuries at the scene by either party and police were not called. The driver of the Honda Civic later claimed injuries related to the event.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling southeast bound on The Embarcadero near the intersection with Battery Street when the Cruise AV yielded to another vehicle in the left adjacent lane that encroached into the Cruise AV’s lane. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, a second vehicle behind the Cruise AV made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s right rear bumper, fascia, signal lamp, and radar assembly. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. Both of the Cruise AV test operators later mentioned neck and back injuries.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Noe Street at the intersection with 14th Street when the Cruise AV yielded to a pedestrian in the north crosswalk. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode, and shortly thereafter, another vehicle attempting a left turn from southbound Noe onto eastbound 14th made contact with the left rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s left rear fascia and wheel well. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. 
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Franklin Street at the intersection with Ellis Street when the Cruise AV began to yield to a lane-splitting motorcyclist on its left rear. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode, and shortly thereafter, the motorcyclist made contact with the Cruise AV’s front left radar, damaging the radar’s casing. There were no injuries and police were not called. The motorcyclist did not stop.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on 10th Street at the intersection with Division Street. The Cruise AV began to make a right turn onto Division Street after the light turned green before yielding to a pedestrian in the crosswalk. Shortly thereafter, a silver Infiniti Sedan traveling behind the Cruise AV made contact with the Cruise AV’s rear bumper, causing damage to the Cruise AV’s rear fascia. The driver of the Infiniti Sedan left the scene without exchanging information. There were no reported injuries.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling northbound on Church Street at 21st Street in San Francisco was involved in a collision. While stopped in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV switched to reverse gear in preparation for making a multipoint turn, just as the test driver disengaged by applying the accelerator pedal. The Waymo AV made contact with a passenger vehicle behind it at approximately 3 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was turning from northbound Stanyan St. to westbound on Parnassus Street. As the Cruise AV was starting to turn, a black GMC Denali behind the Cruise AV attempted to overtake the Cruise AV causing the AVTO to disengage from autonomous mode. The GMC Denali made contact with the front driver side bumper of the Cruise AV, which caused minor damage to the front bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called. The driver of the GMC Denali did not stop after the incident and could not be contacted.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was facing west and stopped for a red light at the intersection of Duboce and Guerrero Streets. Before the Cruise AV started to proceed for the green light, contact was made to the rear bumper of the Cruise AV by a BMW traveling behind the AV. The contact caused minimal damage to the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
0 This OL3 16 is being submitted as an update to the OL3 16 concerning the collision on 1112912018 and originally signed 1211912018 (listed on dmv.ca.gov as: https://www.dmv.ca.gov/portal/wcm/connect/eb71d37f-Od7d-4d05-a268-c6e7db7b0b03/'Waymo_l l 2918.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=)A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle ("Waymo AV") was stopped ih autonomous mode on Middlefield Road at Oregon Expressway in Palo Alto when a county bus came in contact with the passenger side mirror, pushing it towards the AV. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light, and the bus was making a right-on-red in the adjacent right turn lane. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to the mirror, and the bus did not stop to exchange information. There were no injuries reported.
0 On September 17, 2021 at 11:39 AM PDT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on the 400 block of Washington Street. While in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV was stopped behind a double-parked passenger vehicle in the right-hand lane of traffic with slow-moving (same directional) traffic to its left. The driver of the Waymo AV transitioned the vehicle to manual mode and initiated a lane change into the congested left-hand lane. Before the driver of the Waymo AV could complete this maneuver, the passenger vehicle in front of the Waymo AV shifted into reverse and proceeded to make contact with the rear right sensor of the Waymo AV. Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
1 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode was stopped at a red traffic signal at the intersection of Harrison and 11th Streets in San Francisco with its left turn signal engaged. After the traffic signal changed to green and while waiting for an opening to turn left onto Harrison Street, the Zoox vehicle was struck by a passenger vehicle from behind. The driver of that passenger vehicle stated that he was using his phone and not paying attention. No police or emergency services were called to the scene. The Zoox driver, front passenger, and rear passenger reported minor injuries for which they later sought medical attention. The Zoox vehicle incurred minor damage to its rear sensors.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomy was proceeding straight on Folsom Street when a leading vehicle in the lane began to slow down prompting the Zoox vehicle to slow correspondingly. The Zoox vehicle, with brake lights illuminated, had slowed to 5 mph when it was struck from the rear by vehicle number 2. Zoox vehicle camera footage shows the driver of vehicle 2 holding their cellphone raised in their right hand. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”) operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northbound on Leavenworth Street at the intersection with Post Street when the Cruise AV yielded to a public transit bus changing into the Cruise AV’s lane from the right adjacent lane. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, another vehicle made contact with the left rear corner of the Cruise AV, damaging the Cruise AV’s left rear fascia and the other vehicle’s right front fascia. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was stopped at a 4-way stop on southbound 30th Avenue at the intersection with California Street when another vehicle made contact with the Cruise AV’s rear bumper, damaging the rear fascia and rear center radar assembly of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Zoox vehicle was in autonomy proceeding straight on Pine Street in San Francisco, CA when it encountered a double parked United States Postal Service van in lane (vehicle 2: model, year, VIN and insurance are unknown). The Zoox vehicle came to a complete stop while waiting for an opportunity to merge around vehicle 2. Vehicle 2 then rolled backwards into the Zoox vehicle, causing minor damage to front sensors and Vehicle 2 rear bumper. There were no injuries and first responders were not notified. Post incident review did not observe any brake lights or reverse lights on vehicle 2 while it was rolling backwards.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was stopped in autonomous mode in traffic at a red light on southbound Rengstorff Avenue at Central Expressway in Mountain View when it was rear-ended by a passenger vehicle. The passenger vehicle made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 1 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported. 
0 On August 24th at 2:58 PM, an Apple test vehicle in autonomous mode was rear-ended while preparing to merge onto Lawrence Expressway South from Kifer Road. The Apple test vehicle was traveling less than 1 mph waiting for a safe gap to complete the merge when a 2016 Nissan Leaf contacted the Apple test vehicle at approximately 15 mph. Both vehicles sustained damage and no injuries were reported by either party.
0 A Waymo autonomous vehicle ("Waymo AV") in autonomous mode was rear-ended while stopped at a red light at the intersection of north Grant Rd and Covington Rd in Mountain View, CA. The Waymo AV was stopped for approximately 9 seconds when a vehicle approaching from behind made contact with the rear bumper of the A V at approximately 3 mph. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party. The police were notified that the driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging vehicle and insurance information.
0 On January 18, 2022 at 5:20 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on 14th Street at S. Van Ness Avenue. The Waymo AV was in autonomous mode on eastbound 14th Street as it approached S. Van Ness Avenue. The test driver (in the driver’s seating position) transitioned to manual mode before reaching the intersection. The Waymo AV then proceeded through a green light into the intersection in manual mode. A passenger vehicle traveling northbound on S. Van Ness Avenue then entered the intersection against its red light, making contact with the front of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was not engaged and a test driver was operating the Waymo AV in manual mode. The Waymo AV sustained damage to its front fascia and the passenger vehicle sustained damage to its driver side doors.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling northbound on Jones Street approaching Clay Street in San Francisco was involved in a collision. After the Waymo AV made a right turn from Pleasant Street in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV test driver disengaged autonomous mode to maneuver past an oncoming vehicle on Jones Street that was drifting toward the Waymo AV. While in manual mode, the Waymo AV’s passenger side view mirror then made contact with an unoccupied parked passenger vehicle’s driver side view mirror at approximately 6 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its passenger side view mirror. The unoccupied passenger vehicle’s driver-side mirror was cracked, but most or all of the damage appeared to have been pre-existing. No other damage was observed to the unoccupied passenger vehicle. No injuries were reported at the scene.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in driverless autonomous mode, was traveling southbound on 25th Avenue between Clement Street and Geary Boulevard. The Cruise AV entered the intersection with Geary Boulevard on a green light. As the Cruise AV was passing through the intersection, a Mercedes Sedan traveling eastbound on Geary Boulevard entered the intersection on a red light and shortly thereafter made contact with the Cruise AV, damaging the front right quarter of the Cruise AV. The Mercedes Sedan then made contact with a nearby building, resulting in damage to the property. Police and Emergency Medical Services were called to the scene. The Cruise AV was towed from the scene. Occupants of the Mercedes Sedan received medical treatment at the scene and were not transported by Emergency Medical Services.