1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode, was traveling northwest bound on Columbus Street approaching the intersection with Jones Street when the Cruise AV slowed down. The driver of the Cruise AV disengaged from autonomous mode and, shortly thereafter, another vehicle, changing into the Cruise AVs lane from the left adjacent lane, made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party and police were not called. Both of the Cruise AV test operators later mentioned neck and shoulder pain.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) was traveling eastbound on Precita Avenue and yielding to traffic while preparing to merge onto Cesar Chavez in San Francisco when it was involved in a collision. While in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV had come to a complete stop at the stop sign at Precita Avenue at Cesar Chavez. As the Waymo AV proceeded slowly in preparation to merge, the Waymo AV test driver disengaged autonomous mode and manually stopped the Waymo AV. A passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV then made contact with the stationary Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 7 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), was in autonomous mode and traveling northbound on De Haro Street between 23rd and 22nd streets. The AV braked in response to a pedestrian in the middle of the intersection on De Haro, running directly towards the AV. The AVTO, concerned for their safety, disengaged from autonomous mode to attempt to move the AV around the pedestrian who was still rapidly heading directly towards the AV in the center of the street. The Cruise AV was then struck by a skateboarder that suddenly entered the crosswalk from the southeast sidewalk, coming downhill from 22nd street. Contact was made by the skateboarder to the Cruise AV. This caused damage to the front quarter panel area and the articulating radar of the Cruise AV. Because the skateboarder appeared injured, 911 was immediately called. The skateboarder left the scene shortly after the incident and before the police arrived. The Cruise AVTOs remained on the scene and gave a statement to the police.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling northbound on Spruce Street approaching Euclid Avenue in San Francisco was involved in a collision. The Waymo AV had been traveling in autonomous mode on Spruce Street when the Waymo AV test driver disengaged autonomous mode. Approximately 6 seconds after the disengagement, the Waymo AV’s passenger side rearview mirror made contact with an unattended parked passenger vehicle’s driver side rearview mirror at approximately 15 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its passenger side rearview mirror, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its driver side rearview mirror. No injuries were reported. The Waymo AV test driver left insurance information with the parked vehicle.
1 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling eastbound in autonomous mode on Oakdale Avenue approaching Industrial Street in San Francisco was involved in a collision. The Waymo AV was coming to a stop at a stop sign intersection on Oakdale Avenue at Industrial Street when a passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 20 MPH. The Waymo AV was traveling approximately 1 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene; the Waymo AV test driver sought medical attention from urgent care the following day.
0 A Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) traveling southbound on Park Presidio Bypass approaching Crossover Drive in San Francisco was involved in a collision. While in autonomous mode, the Waymo AV was stationary in stop-and-go traffic when a passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV made contact with the Waymo AV’s rear bumper at approximately 5 MPH. The Waymo AV was traveling 0 MPH. The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper. No injuries were reported at the scene.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (“Cruise AV”), operating in autonomous mode was turning from Southbound on Folsom Street to Westbound on 15th Street. When the Cruise AV stopped to yield for an oncoming vehicle, a Chevrolet Silverado that was traveling behind made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. This caused damage to the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. At the time of the incident, the driver of the Cruise AV reported a minor injury, but emergency services were not called.
0 A Zoox vehicle in autonomous mode began to slow down during an unprotected left turn to yield for cross traffic entering the lane from the right. A passenger vehicle from behind did not slow and made contact with the rear sensors of the Zoox vehicle. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle (Cruise AV), operating in autonomous mode, was stopped at a stop sign at the four way intersection of Castro and 22nd Streets. A 2017 Chevy Colorado that was traveling behind the Cruise AV made contact with the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. This caused damage to the rear bumper of the Cruise AV. There were minor injuries but the police were not called.
0 On November 6, 2021 at 4:28 PM PDT a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, California was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle on Powell Street at Pacific Avenue. The Waymo AV was traveling in autonomous mode southbound on Powell Street when it activated its right turn signal and prepared to make a right turn onto Pacific Avenue. The Waymo AV stopped to yield to a pedestrian who was in the adjacent crosswalk on Pacific Avenue. A passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper, and the trailing passenger vehicle sustained minor damage to its front bumper.
0 On November 6, 2021 at 1:50 AM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Waller Street at Alpine Terrace. The Waymo AV was traveling westbound on Waller Street when it yielded to an oncoming passenger vehicle. As the passenger vehicle passed the stopped Waymo AV, its driver side rearview mirror made contact with a Waymo AV sensor. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
1 On November 12, 2021 at 1:23 PM PST a Waymo Autonomous Vehicle (“Waymo AV”) operating in San Francisco, CA was in a collision involving a passenger vehicle at Divisadero Street at Turk Street. The Waymo AV was stopped at a red light on Divisadero Street at Turk Street. When the traffic light turned green, the passenger vehicle behind the Waymo AV made contact with the rear of the Waymo AV. At the time of the impact, the Waymo AV’s Level 4 ADS was engaged in autonomous mode, and a test driver was present (in the driver’s seating position). The Waymo AV sustained minor damage, and the trailing passenger vehicle sustained minor damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a red light on northbound Larkin Street at the intersection with Turk Street. The Cruise AV entered the intersection on a green light and continued straight when a cyclist traveling eastbound on Turk Street entered the crosswalk. The Cruise AV braked to the cyclist and, shortly thereafter, another vehicle traveling behind the Cruise AV made contact with the Cruise AV's rear bumper, damaging the rear left bumper. The driver of the other vehicle left the scene without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in supervised autonomous mode, was at a complete stop in response to a stop sign on westbound 17th Street at the intersection with Roosevelt Way. Another vehicle approaching from the rear made contact with the Cruise AV's rear bumper. There were no injuries and police were not called. The Cruise AV test operator later mentioned neck pain.
0 A Google Lexus-model autonomous vehicle ("Google AV") was traveling northbound on California St. in Mountain View in autonomous mode and was stopped at a red light in the straight-only lane at the intersection of California St. and Bryant St. .The lane to the left of the Google AV was a left-turn-only lane. The vehicle waiting immediately behind the Google AV in the straight-only lane began to moveforward when the green arrow left turn signal appeared (despite the signal for the straight-only lane remaining red) and collided with the rear bumper of the Google AV.The Google AV had been stopped for about 11 seconds at the time of impact. The other vehicle was traveling about 5 mph at the time of impact.There were no injuries reported at the scene by either party. The Google AV sustained minor damage (scrapes) to its rear bumper. The other vehicle sustained minor damage (scrapes) to its front bumper.
1 A Google Lexus model autonomous vehicle ("Google AV") was traveling northbound on Grant Rd.in Mountain View approaching the intersection of Phyllis Ave. and Martens Ave. in autonomous mode. The two vehicles in front of the Google AV, the Google AV, and the vehicle behind the Google AV were all traveling at a steady speed of ~15 mph.  While approaching a green light intersection with stopped traffic on the other side of the intersection, the first vehicle decelerated and came to a stop, keeping clear of the intersection. The vehicle directly in front of the Google AV and the Google AV also decelerated and came to a stop with adequate and similar stopping distances. About 1 second later,the vehicle approaching from the rear struck the Google AV at 17 mph and did not appear to decelerate prior to the collision. At the time of the incident, the driver, co-driver, and rear passenger of the Google AV reported some whiplash.  They were driven by other team members to a local hospital, where they were evaluated by medical staff and cleared to return to work. The driver of the other vehicle reported minor neck and back pain. The Google AV sustained minor damage to its rear bumper.The other vehicle sustained significant damage to its front end.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV") was traveling westbound on Broadway in San Francisco in autonomous mode and was in the process of passing a mobile crane truck that was double parked, blocking the westbound lane. During this maneuver, a Ford F-250 approached and simultaneously went around both the Cruise AV and the crane truck. While the Ford made its pass, the Cruise AV stopped. As the Ford completed its pass and turned back into the forward lane of travel, the Ford clipped the front, driver's side sensor of the Cruise AV. At the time of impact, the Cruise AV was stopped and the Ford was traveling at approximately 4 miles per hour. None of the occupants of the Cruise AV or Ford were injured. The Cruise AV sustained minor damage to its front, driver's side sensor and mount. The Ford sustained minor visible damage to its rear, passenger's side tire.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV") was traveling northbound on 11th Street in San Francisco in autonomous mode, turning left onto Mission Street in the outer of two left turn lanes . During the turn, a vehicle in the inner of the two left turn lanes began to cut in front of the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV braked, and a bike that had been closely crossing behind the rear of the Cruise AV ran into the back of the Cruise AV. Police were not present or called to the scene . None of the occupants of the Cruise AV were injured. The Cruise AV occupants observed that the cyclist scraped his knee. At the time, the cyclist stated an intention to seek medical evaluation, but declined to seek emergency assistance. There was a minor scratch on the AV, and the bicycle had no visible damage.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was rear-ended on 14th Street. The Cruise AV, in the right of two eastbound lanes, was traversing the intersection at Valencia Street. Slightly ahead in the left lane next to the Cruise AV, a vehicle drifted into the Cruise AV's lane. The Cruise AV responded by decelerating, and was rear-ended by a Honda Accord. The parties exchanged information. The driver of the Accord apologized, saying that a leg cramp prevented him from braking sufficiently. The police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), operating in autonomous mode, was rear-ended while going through a green light on Bush Street at Montgomery Street. As the Cruise AV passed through the intersection, a pedestrian looking at his cell phone approached the crosswalk in front of the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV responded by decelerating, and was rear-ended by a Toyota Corolla. The parties exchanged information, though the driver of the Corolla lacked insurance information. The police were not called. No injuries were reported at the scene by either party. A Cruise AV test driver later sought medical evaluation for shoulder stiffness.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), was involved in a collision while operating in autonomous mode, driving westbound on Sutter Street. As the Cruise AV was approaching the intersection with Grant A venue, a cyclist approached, splitting the lane and riding in the wrong direction on the lane line between the Cruise AV and a row of parked cars adjacent to the Cruise AV. The Cruise AV slowed as the cyclist approached and passed, and during this time a taxi driving behind the Cruise AV bumped into the rear ofthe Cruise AV, causing scratches and a dent to the Cruise AV. The taxi driver initially pulled over to check for damage to his vehicle, but then drove away without exchanging information. There were no injuries and police were not called.
0 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"),was involved in a collision while operating in autonomous mode, traveling in heavy traffic northbound on Ninth Street between Howard and Folsom Streets. A vehicle behind the Cruise AV was changing multiple lanes from the lane to the right of the Cruise AV across to the lane to the left of the Cruise AV. While completing that movement, the other vehicle clipped the corner ofthe Cruise A V. There were no injuries and the police were not called.
1 A Cruise autonomous vehicle ("Cruise AV"), was involved in a collision while operating in autonomous mode, on the northbound side of Franklin Street between Vallejo and Green Streets. The Cruise AV was stopped waiting to maneuver around a double-parked vehicle. Another vehicle directly behind the Cruise AV attempted to pass the Cruise AV on the left, and in doing so clipped the left rear cornerof the Cmise AV as it passed , damaging the bumper and left rear sensor. The other vehicle did not stop. One of the Cruise AV testers sitting in the front passenger seat later reported stiffness in his neck but did not seek medical treatment. The police were not called.